Author:Claus T Nielsen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
.spelling
.travis.yml
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
test/common/package/package.tests.ps1
tools/Xml/Xml.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseTools.psm1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx

Author:Ilya 
.travis.yml
PowerShell.Common.props
appveyor.yml
assets/files.wxs
global.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
test/Test.Common.props
test/tools/WebListener/WebListener.csproj

Author:Travis Plunk 
.vsts-ci/mac.yml

Author:Christoph Bergmeister [MVP] 
.spelling
demos/WindowsPowerShellModules/README.md
docs/building/macos.md
docs/cmdlet-example/command-line-simple-example.md
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/WebListener.csproj

Author:Jason Shirk 
.spelling
tools/performance/GC.Regions.xml
tools/performance/Invoke-PerfviewPS.ps1
tools/performance/JIT.Regions.xml
tools/performance/PowerShell.Regions.xml
tools/performance/PowerShell.stacktags
tools/performance/PowerShell.wpaProfile
tools/performance/PowerShell.wprp
tools/performance/README.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1

Author:Patrick Meinecke 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Indexer.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_centos7/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/DockerFile

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj

Author:Travis Plunk 
.vsts-ci/linux.yml
.vsts-ci/mac.yml

Author:Yuriy Kushnir 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1

Author:zhenggu 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ServiceResources.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1
test/tools/TestService/Program.cs
test/tools/TestService/Service1.Designer.cs
test/tools/TestService/Service1.cs
test/tools/TestService/TestService.csproj

Author:PRASOON KARUNAN V 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/History.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/FencedCodeBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/HeaderBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/LinkInlineRenderer.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MarkdownCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/new-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/NewObjectStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ExtendedTypeSystem.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
test/powershell/Language/Interop/DotNet/DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Interop/DotNet/DotNetInterop.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
test/powershell/Host/Logging.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/PSSysLog/PSSysLog.psd1
test/tools/Modules/PSSysLog/PSSysLog.psm1

Author:Dan Travison 
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/WindowsTaskbarJumpList/ComInterfaces.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingAPI.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
README.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Host/Logging.Tests.ps1

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateLocationAPIs.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
README.md
tools/metadata.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Host/Logging.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/PSSysLog/PSSysLog.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/hosting/NuGet.Config

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.strings.psd1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.gitattributes
.vsts-ci/windows.yml
build.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/CimSession.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersRemoting/HelpersRemoting.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Modules/PSGalleryModules.csproj

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Modules/PSGalleryModules.csproj

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/hosting/NuGet.Config
test/hosting/hosting.tests.csproj
test/hosting/test_HostingBasic.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/GetFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetFormatDataStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FormatData.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Modules/PSGalleryModules.csproj

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/files.wxs

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
assets/files.wxs
src/Modules/PSGalleryModules.csproj
test/powershell/Modules/ThreadJob/ThreadJob.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.vsts-ci/linux.yml
.vsts-ci/mac.yml
build.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/packaging/packaging.strings.psd1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1

Author:kwkam 
build.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
assets/files.wxs
build.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.vsts-ci/mac.yml

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
README.md
tools/metadata.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
.vsts-ci/mac.yml
test/powershell/Host/Logging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1
test/tools/Modules/PSSysLog/PSSysLog.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ObjectCommandComparer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatGroupManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
test/powershell/engine/Api/LanguagePrimitive.Tests.ps1

Author:Brandon Olin 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityCommonStrings.resx

Author:Syed Faraaz Ahmad 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/GetFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetFormatDataStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FormatData.Tests.ps1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandBase.cs

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/maintainers/README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/GetExperimentalFeatureCommand.cs
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/HelpURI/V3Cmdlets.csv

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.travis.yml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/powershell/Host/Logging.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/PSSysLog/PSSysLog.psm1

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeUnixGlobbing.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/releaseBuild/signing.xml

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs

Author:Greg Zimmerman 
assets/Powershell-preview.icns
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:kwkam 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Move-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Robert Holt 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/CompatiblePSEditions.Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
test/tools/TestMetadata.json
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertMarkdownStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MarkdownCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister [MVP] 
PowerShell.sln
test/csharp/csharp.tests.csproj
test/hosting/hosting.tests.csproj

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Host/Logging.Tests.ps1

Author:Jianyun 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/AddContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/MovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/NewPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughPropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PingPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemoveWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RenamePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TestConnectionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WriteContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/singleshell/installer/MshManagementMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConsoleColorCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Csv.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-object/format-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHostCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUnique.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ReadConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RemoveAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-Data.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/compare-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/sort-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/singleshell/installer/MshUtilityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePrompt.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Executor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/PendingProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Serialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StopTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/EngineInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/MshHostMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobStore.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CredentialCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SecureStringCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/certificateproviderexceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/singleshell/installer/MshSecurityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Interop.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/NewWSManSession.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/WSManSessionOption.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatMsgCtxManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ILineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ListWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/out-textInterface/OutTextInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/other/ciminstancetypeadapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AliasInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ApplicationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ChildrenCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletFamilyProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/ExtensibleCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommonCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ConfigurationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ContentCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CultureVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EngineIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExternalScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FilterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FunctionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ItemCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MergedCommandParameterMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MinishellParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshReference.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSnapinQualifiedName.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetPromptingData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetSpecificMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PathInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PositionalCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProgressRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/QuestionMarkVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ReflectionParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScopedItemSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityDescriptorCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateAliasAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCmdletAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDynamicProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateItem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateLocationAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateNavigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeEnumerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateSecurityDescriptorInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ShellVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactedString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/UserFeedbackParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableAttributeCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariablePath.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WorkflowInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/cmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ChoiceDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/DefaultHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InformationalRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInit.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePool.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/internalHostuserInterfacesecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSToken.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/AstVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/regex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobSourceAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RunspaceRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesessionprotocolstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DebugJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DisconnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/GetJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/JobRepository.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceiveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceivePSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/RemoveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ResumeJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StopJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/SuspendJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/TestPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/WaitJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemotingDataObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/psstreamobject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/throttlemanager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSSessionConfigurationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesessionstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbindercontroller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultCommandHelpObjectBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DscResourceHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpErrorTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithFullCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpRequest.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlClassHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/PSClassHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/RemoteHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SyntaxHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/AliasProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ContainerProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/CoreCommandContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/DriveProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/EnvironmentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FunctionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IDynamicPropertyProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPermissionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPropertiesProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ItemProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/NavigationProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/PathInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderDeclarationAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SessionStateProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/StackInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/VariableProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CredentialParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/MshSignature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandDiscoveryExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/HostInterfacesExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MetadataExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParameterBinderExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/RuntimeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/Verbs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSSysLogProvider.cs

Author:Sergey Vasin 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister [MVP] 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Where-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AutomationExceptions.resx

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/maintainers/best-practice.md

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/maintainers/README.md

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFromMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MarkdownOptionCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/MarkdownConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100EscapeSequences.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100Renderer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypesV3_Ps1Xml.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MarkdownCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/HelpURI/V3Cmdlets.csv

Author:Dan Thompson 
build.psm1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/SessionBasedWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ConvertPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/MovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/NewPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PingPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RenamePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ResolvePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TestConnectionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
test/powershell/Modules/ThreadJob/ThreadJob.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs

Author:Dan Travison 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
assets/Product.wxs
assets/files.wxs
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/pwsh-preview.cmd
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ErrorPosition.Tests.ps1

Author:Joshua Cooper 
README.md

Author:Adam Gauthier 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/WebListener/Constants.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/LinkController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/README.md
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora27/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docker/tests/container.tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/maintainers/Images/merge-commit-confirm.png
docs/maintainers/Images/merge-commit.png
docs/maintainers/Images/squash-confirm.png
docs/maintainers/Images/squash-merge.png
docs/maintainers/README.md
docs/maintainers/best-practice.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/WriteFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-hex/Format-Hex.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-string/out-string.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHash.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUptime.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportPowerShellDataFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RemoveAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/sort-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs

Author:Dan Travison 
.github/CODEOWNERS

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Greg Zimmerman 
tools/packaging/macos/launcher/ROOT/Applications/PowerShell.app/Contents/Info.plist
tools/packaging/macos/launcher/ROOT/Applications/PowerShell.app/Contents/MacOS/PowerShell.sh
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.strings.psd1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
tools/metadata.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConsoleColorCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Csv.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerializationStrings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/DebugRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Disable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Enable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/EnableDisableRunspaceDebugCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/GetFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/WriteFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-hex/Format-Hex.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-list/Format-List.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-object/format-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-table/Format-Table.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-wide/Format-Wide.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-string/out-string.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSCallStack.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetCultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventSubscriberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHash.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHostCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRandomCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUICultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUnique.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUptime.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetVerbCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportPowerShellDataFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/InvokeCommandCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewGuidCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTemporaryFileCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTimeSpanCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ObjectCommandComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ReadConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterObjectEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterPSEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RemoveAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RemoveEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/TimeExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnregisterEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-Data.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WaitEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObjectCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebCmdletElementCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Write-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteAliasCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteProgressCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/compare-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/new-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/neweventcommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/sort-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/GetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1

Author:Robert Holt 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/CompatiblePSEditions.Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/ModulePath.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1

Author:Robert Holt 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/CompatiblePSEditions.Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/ModulePath.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
PowerShell.sln

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
PowerShell.sln

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100EscapeSequences.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFromMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MarkdownOptionCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/ListItemBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/MarkdownConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100EscapeSequences.cs

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.ps1

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
assets/files.wxs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.travis.yml
PowerShell.Common.props
appveyor.yml
assets/files.wxs
global.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
test/Test.Common.props
test/tools/WebListener/WebListener.csproj
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
assets/files.wxs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFromMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100EscapeSequences.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFromMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MarkdownOptionCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertMarkdownStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/FencedCodeBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/ListItemBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100EscapeSequences.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MarkdownCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertMarkdownStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MarkdownCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFromMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MarkdownOptionCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/CodeInlineRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/EmphasisInlineRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/FencedCodeBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/HeaderBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/LeafInlineRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/LineBreakRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/LinkInlineRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/ListBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/ListItemBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/MarkdownConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/ParagraphBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/QuoteBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100EscapeSequences.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100ObjectRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100Renderer.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowMarkdownCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MarkdownCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFromMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MarkdownOptionCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertMarkdownStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/ListBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/ListItemBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender.csproj
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MarkdownCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFromMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertMarkdownStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MarkdownCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
PowerShell.sln
ThirdPartyNotices.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFromMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MarkdownOptionCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowMarkdownCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertMarkdownStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/CodeInlineRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/EmphasisInlineRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/FencedCodeBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/HeaderBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/LeafInlineRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/LineBreakRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/LinkInlineRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/ListBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/ListItemBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/MarkdownConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/ParagraphBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/QuoteBlockRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100EscapeSequences.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100ObjectRenderer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.MarkdownRender/VT100Renderer.cs
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypesV3_Ps1Xml.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp

Author:Robert Holt 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/GetExperimentalFeatureCommand.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/libpsl-native/README.md
src/powershell-native/README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
test/powershell/Modules/ThreadJob/ThreadJob.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/GetExperimentalFeatureCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.Basic.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Metadata.resx
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.Basic.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/assets/ExpTest/ExpTest.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/assets/ExpTest/ExpTest.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/GetExperimentalFeatureCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.Basic.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/assets/ExpTest/ExpTest.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.Basic.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister [MVP] 
build.psm1

Author:PRASOON KARUNAN V 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.Basic.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/Get-ExperimentalFeature.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/assets/ExpTest/ExpTest.cs
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/assets/ExpTest/ExpTest.psd1
test/powershell/engine/ExperimentalFeature/assets/ExpTest/ExpTest.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation.man
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/EventResource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EventResource.resx
tools/ResxGen/ResxGen.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation.man
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SpecialVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Logging.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceInit.resx

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/GetExperimentalFeatureCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExperimentalFeature/ExperimentalFeature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resx

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Csv.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetCultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUICultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTimeSpanCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/TimeExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Write-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteAliasCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/new-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs

Author:Meir Blachman 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/ExtensibleCompletion.cs

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
assets/files.wxs
src/Modules/PSGalleryModules.csproj
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ConstrainedLanguageRestriction.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/ThreadJob/ThreadJob.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
build.psm1
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md
test/powershell/README.md

Author:Alex Jordan 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-EngineEvent.Tests.ps1

Author:Robert Holt 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleSpecification.cs

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
.gitignore
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeInferenceVisitor.cs
test/powershell/engine/Api/TypeInference.Tests.ps1

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassSearcher.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:PetSerAl 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/metadata.json

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityCommonStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Unblock-File.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew 
LICENSE.txt
ThirdPartyNotices.txt
assets/files.wxs
license_thirdparty_proprietary.txt
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassSearcher.cs
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Adam Gauthier 
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/macos.md
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Ilya 
.travis.yml
PowerShell.Common.props
appveyor.yml
assets/files.wxs
global.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
test/Test.Common.props
test/tools/WebListener/WebListener.csproj

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
.spelling
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/RetryController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Startup.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Darwin 
tools/install-powershell-readme.md
tools/installpsh-amazonlinux.sh
tools/installpsh-debian.sh
tools/installpsh-osx.sh
tools/installpsh-redhat.sh
tools/installpsh-suse.sh

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Group-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Send-MailMessage.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1

Author:Robert Holt 
test/powershell/engine/Module/ModuleSpecification.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Send-MailMessage.Tests.ps1

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ErrorPosition.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateLocationAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/libpsl-native/src/setdate.cpp
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_alpine3/build-and-run-pwsh.sh

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OriginalColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/TableView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUnique.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/InvokeCommandCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Write-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/compare-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/AddLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/LocalGroup.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/LocalUser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataQuery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameterAssociation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/other/ciminstancetypeadapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumExpressionEvaluator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtendedTypeSystemException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MergedCommandParameterMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSecurityException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Pipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProxyCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ShellVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/Breakpoint.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/AsyncResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePool.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/pipelinebase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/regex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingErrorRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/DispatchTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemotingDataObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/throttlemanager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/BaseCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetNativeApi.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/CoreCommandContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeTransactionHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandDiscoveryExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExecutionExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentNullException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentOutOfRangeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshInvalidOperationException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotImplementedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotSupportedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshObjectDisposedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/RuntimeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/CertController.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ErrorPosition.Tests.ps1

Author:Darwin 
.spelling
tools/install-powershell-readme.md
tools/install-powershell.sh
tools/installpsh-amazonlinux.sh
tools/installpsh-debian.sh
tools/installpsh-osx.sh
tools/installpsh-redhat.sh
tools/installpsh-suse.sh

Author:Sergey Vasin 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Robert Holt 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.github/CODEOWNERS
PowerShell.sln
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTemporaryFileCommand.cs
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/HelpURI/V3Cmdlets.csv

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ExpressionColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/TableView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataQuery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatGroupManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameterAssociation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/Mshexpression.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.resx
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/DOCSMIGRATION.md

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1
tools/install-powershell.ps1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Jan Pazdziora 
README.md

Author:Hubert Bukowski 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_alpine3/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_centos7/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/DockerFile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs

Author:Jianyun 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
docs/building/internals.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Kyle Sabo 
src/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation.man

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs

Author:Robert Holt 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs

Author:Dan Thompson 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/Mshexpression.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Where-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Modules/README.md
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataAdapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsHelper.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataV4Adapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/en-US/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsStrings.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.Format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSMan.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Job.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CommonUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSample.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Csv.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHash.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ReadConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Interop.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-QuickConfig.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ComplexWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatXMLWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ListWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoteDiscoveryHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ScriptAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProxyCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactedString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableAttributeCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WorkflowInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/cmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ChoiceDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Instruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionList.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/DebugViewWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Position.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceivePSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/ScriptBlockToPowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/BaseCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultCommandHelpObjectBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpErrorTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpNotFoundException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SyntaxHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CredentialParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/FormatAndTypeDataHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/RuntimeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_SecuritySupport.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/RedirectController.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
ThirdPartyNotices.txt
assets/files.wxs
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
appveyor.yml
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
demos/Azure/Azure-Demo.ps1
demos/DSC/readme.md
docker/README.md
docs/cmdlet-example/command-line-simple-example.md
docs/dev-process/breaking-change-contract.md
docs/dev-process/coding-guidelines.md
docs/learning-powershell/README.md
docs/learning-powershell/debugging-from-commandline.md
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation.man
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/WildcardPatternToCimQueryParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/MainEntry.cpp
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/localized.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psm1
tools/ResxGen/ResxGen.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.github/CODEOWNERS

Author:Josh 
docs/learning-powershell/README.md

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/signing.xml

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/setReleaseTag.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.strings.psd1

Author:Steve Lee 
assets/files.wxs
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/BasicEditing.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Changes.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleBufferBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Disposable.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/History.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/HistoryQueue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KillYank.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/License.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Options.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PublicAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Replace.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/SamplePSReadlineProfile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ScreenCapture.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/VisualEditing.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/YankPaste.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/en-US/PSReadline.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/en-US/about_PSReadline.help.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/packages.config
src/Modules/PSGalleryModules.csproj
src/Modules/Shared/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psm1
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md
.spelling
README.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.travis.yml

Author:Robert Holt 
tools/appimage.sh
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
appveyor.yml
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/CsvCommandStrings.resx

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/WindowsTaskbarJumpList/TaskbarJumpList.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs

Author:Ilya 
README.md
Settings.StyleCop

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Jan Pazdziora 
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora27/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile

Author:Frederik Carlier 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Jan Pazdziora 
docker/release/fedora27/Dockerfile

Author:Ilya 
Settings.StyleCop
stylecop.json

Author:Steve Lee 
.travis.yml
appveyor.yml
assets/files.wxs
global.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
test/csharp/csharp.tests.csproj
test/tools/WebListener/WebListener.csproj
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Sean Wheeler 
docs/BREAKINGCHANGES.md
docs/DOCSMIGRATION.md
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/installation/macos.md
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/WindowsTaskbarJumpList/ComInterfaces.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/WindowsTaskbarJumpList/HResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/WindowsTaskbarJumpList/PropVariant.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/WindowsTaskbarJumpList/PropertyKey.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/WindowsTaskbarJumpList/TaskbarJumpList.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostStrings.resx

Author:Ilya 
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.github/CODEOWNERS

Author:Steve Lee 
DELETE_ME_TO_DISABLE_CONSOLEHOST_TELEMETRY

Author:wesholton84 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/ExecutionPolicyCommands.resx

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/releaseBuild/generatePackgeSigning.ps1

Author:Darwin 
tools/windows/Reset-PWSHSystemPath.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
.travis.yml
appveyor.yml
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.csproj

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CODEOWNERS
src/libpsl-native/src/.gitignore
src/libpsl-native/src/getstat.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/setdate.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/setdate.h

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/signing.xml

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/setReleaseTag.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/HostUtilities.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Exceptions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Operators/ComparisonOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Operators/SplitOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingAssembly.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingNamespace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ActionPreference.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CheckRestrictedlanguage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CommonParameters.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/DeserializedTypeConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Dynamicparameters.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Generics.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/HashtableToPSCustomObjectConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OutErrorVariable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Requires.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/CimInstance.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/Get-CimClass.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Job.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemoteGetModule.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemoteImportModule.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/New-WinEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FunctionProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Registry.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Computer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AmsiInterface.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CertificateProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ConstrainedLanguageRestriction.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Debug-Runspace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ImportExportCSV.Delimiter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/JsonObject.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Test-Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Unblock-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/TestWSMan.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/CommandDiscovery.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/PropertyAccessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/Cdxml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Job/Jobs.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/NewModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/TestModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RoleCapabilityFiles.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/TestRunner.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.travis.yml
appveyor.yml
assets/files.wxs
global.json
test/tools/WebListener/NuGet.config
test/tools/WebListener/WebListener.csproj

Author:Matthew Bobke 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateLocationAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ExtendedTypeSystem.resx
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Conversions.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
PowerShell.Common.props
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.csproj
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/PowerShellPackageVsts.ps1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/createManifest.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora27/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Assembly.LoadFrom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Assembly.LoadWithPartialName.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew 
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora27/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora27/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/kalilinux/Dockerfile

Author:Robert Holt 
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Robert Holt 
.spelling
docs/testing-guidelines/Images/CoverageReportFilter.PNG
docs/testing-guidelines/Images/CoverageReportTop.PNG
docs/testing-guidelines/getting-code-coverage.md

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Patochun 
src/libpsl-native/test/test-isfile.cpp

Author:PRASOON KARUNAN V 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ConvertPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/MovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/NewPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PingPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RenamePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ResolvePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/WriteFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-hex/Format-Hex.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHash.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportPowerShellDataFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SaveHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdateHelpCommand.cs

Author:Ilya 
.travis.yml
PowerShell.Common.props
appveyor.yml
assets/files.wxs
build.psm1
docs/building/macos.md
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell-crossplatform/MyApp/MyApp.csproj
global.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/ResGen/ResGen.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.csproj
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/Test.Common.props
test/csharp/csharp.tests.csproj
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1
test/tools/TestExe/TestExe.csproj
test/tools/WebListener/NuGet.config
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/WebListener.csproj
tools/install-powershell.ps1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.strings.psd1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Dan Travison 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Andrew 
docker/tests/Templates/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.8/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.9/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora27/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/kalilinux/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu17.10/Dockerfile
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Bryan Harmat 
tools/installpsh-debian.sh
tools/installpsh-redhat.sh
tools/installpsh-suse.sh

Author:Robert Holt 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/releaseTools.psm1

Author:Robert Holt 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/HelpV3_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Help_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommonCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FunctionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WorkflowInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultCommandHelpObjectBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpDisplayStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/CimInstance.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/CimSession.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/Get-CimClass.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/packaging/packaging.psd1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/hosting/NuGet.Config
test/hosting/hosting.tests.csproj
test/hosting/test_HostingBasic.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/createManifest.ps1

Author:Ilya 
assets/files.wxs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AddTypeStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Robert Holt 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Requires.Tests.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/MOF-Compilation.Tests.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md

Author:Dan Travison 
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj

Author:Matthew Bobke 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/packaging/packaging.psd1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ListWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceStrings.resx

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatXMLWriter.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/formatdata.tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Gabriel Sroka 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ColumnWidthManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ComplexWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AmsiInterface.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ConstrainedLanguageRestriction.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StringUtil.cs

Author:Joey Aiello 
.spelling
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md
demos/install/README.md
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ArgumentTypeConverterAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumExpressionEvaluator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ReflectionParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ThirdPartyAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/cmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoveModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WinRT/IInspectable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHostEncoder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/SysLogProvider.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ScriptWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/other/ciminstancetypeadapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultCommandHelpObjectBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCategoryInvalidException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpErrorTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpNotFoundException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpProvider.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/PowerShellPackage.sh
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/vsts.yml

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeInferenceVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
.gitignore
.travis.yml
DELETE_ME_TO_DISABLE_CONSOLEHOST_TELEMETRY
README.md
appveyor.yml
assets/files.wxs
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Telemetry.cs
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_alpine3/build-and-run-pwsh.sh
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/install-powershell.sh

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/AddInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DivInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/EqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/GreaterThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionList.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LessThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/MulInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/NotEqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/SubInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/ResGen/Program.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/MutableTuple.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ClassOps.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/PowerShellPackageVsts.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:Jeffrey Snover 
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpErrors.resx

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Florian Feldhaus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs

Author:Darwin 
tools/installpsh-amazonlinux.sh
tools/installpsh-debian.sh
tools/installpsh-osx.sh
tools/installpsh-redhat.sh
tools/installpsh-suse.sh

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs

Author:Sergey Vasin 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/ControlService.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
PowerShell.Common.props
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TestConnectionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/TestConnectionResources.resx
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Takuya Shibata 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
PowerShell.sln

Author:Travis Plunk 
PowerShell-Win.sln

Author:Travis Plunk 
PowerShell-Win.sln

Author:Travis Plunk 
PowerShell-Win.sln

Author:Travis Plunk 
PowerShell-Win.sln

Author:Steve Lee 
assets/files.wxs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
PowerShell-Win.sln

Author:Travis Plunk 
PowerShell-Win.sln

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/CmdletizationResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CmdletizationCoreResources.resx

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
PowerShell-Win.sln

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AutomationExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/TestModuleManifest.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetNativeApi.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdateHelpCommand.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core_00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core_00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000_en-US_HelpContent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core_00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000_en-US_HelpContent.zip

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/Product.wxs
test/packaging/windows/msi.tests.ps1
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Kevin Marquette 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Kevin Marquette 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1

Author:Kevin Marquette 
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
test/powershell/engine/Api/LanguagePrimitive.Tests.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
test/powershell/Host/Logging.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/PSSysLog/PSSysLog.psd1
test/tools/Modules/PSSysLog/PSSysLog.psm1

Author:Kevin Marquette 
test/powershell/Provider/Pester.AutomountedDrives.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/ProviderIntrinsics.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1

Author:rjmholt 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SymbolResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbindercontroller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
assets/pwsh.manifest
build.psm1
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/DotNetTypes_format_ps1xml.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew 
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu17.10/Dockerfile

Author:Michael Klement 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/EnvironmentProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:M-D-M 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Simon Wåhlin 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Where-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.gitignore
assets/patch-template.wxs
tools/packaging/packaging.psd1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
Author:Mark Kraus 
.spelling
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Constants.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/ResponseController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/ResumeController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Startup.cs

Author:Ilya 
ThirdPartyNotices.txt
assets/files.wxs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/TestJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/TestJsonCmdletStrings.resx
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Test-Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
.github/stale.yml

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
README.md
tools/metadata.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/HostUtilities.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1

Author:Kevin Marquette 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AclCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CertificateProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ConstrainedLanguageRestriction.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/certificateCommon.psm1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/History.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Job.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Default.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemoteGetModule.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemoteImportModule.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemotingCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Remove-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/TestGetCommand.Tests.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/CounterTestHelperFunctions.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Export-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/New-WinEvent.Tests.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Xml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Debug-Runspace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/EnableDisablePSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Eventing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Culture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-EventSubscriber.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSCallStack.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-RunspaceDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-TraceSource.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-UICulture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Uptime.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Verb.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Group-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-LocalizedData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ImportExportCSV.Delimiter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/JsonObject.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MiscCmdletUpdates.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewGuid.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewTemporaryFile.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/PowerShellData.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-EngineEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-ObjectEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/RunspaceCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-XML.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Send-MailMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Sort-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Unblock-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Unimplemented-Cmdlet.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Wait-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Debug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Output.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Verbose.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/XMLCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/alias.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/command.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/formatdata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/string.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/typedata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/TestWSMan.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/EnvironmentProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/Product.wxs
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/ProtectedAccess.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Break.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Exceptions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.MiscOps.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.RunPath.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.StaticMethod.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.NestedModules.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.enums.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/CompletionTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Interop/DotNet/DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Interop/DotNet/DotNetInterop.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Operators/ComparisonOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Operators/RangeOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Operators/SplitOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Ast.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/AutomaticVariables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/BNotOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Conversions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ExtensibleCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/MethodInvocation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingAssembly.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingNamespace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ActionPreference.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Array.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CheckRestrictedlanguage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CmdletDeclaration.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CommonParameters.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ConstrainedLanguageMode.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggingInHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Delegates.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/DeserializedMethods.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/DeserializedTypeConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Dynamicparameters.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ForeachParallel.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Generics.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/HashtableToPSCustomObjectConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Indexer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/LineEndings.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/MyInvocation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandArguments.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeStreams.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeUnixGlobbing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OrderedAttributeForHashTables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OutErrorVariable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Requires.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Scripting.Followup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/TestsOnWinFullOnly.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Trap.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/TryCatch.Tests.ps1

Author:rjmholt 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/testablescript.ps1

Author:kasper3 
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/getppid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getuserfrompid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/pal_config.h.in
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_alpine3/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_alpine3/build-and-run-pwsh.sh
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/PowerShellPackageVsts.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/PowerShellPackageVsts.sh
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/createPowerShell.sh
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/vsts.yml

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/installation/macos.md
docs/installation/windows.md
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md
docs/building/internals.md

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityCommonStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Palmer 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/common/markdown/gulpfile.js
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1

Author:kwkam 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ResolvePathCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/community/governance.md

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:kwkam 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1

Author:Amaan Marfatia 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/stale.yml

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.travis.yml
PowerShell.Common.props
appveyor.yml
assets/files.wxs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
test/Test.Common.props
test/tools/WebListener/WebListener.csproj

Author:Travis Plunk 
README.md
docker/community/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora27/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.8/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.9/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora27/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/kalilinux/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu17.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/container.tests.ps1
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1
tools/metadata.json
tools/releaseTools.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/engine/Api/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/GetNewClosure.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/InitialSessionState.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/LanguagePrimitive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/ProxyCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/Serialization.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/TypeInference.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Assembly.LoadFrom.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/CommandDiscovery.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Credential.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Encoding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/PropertyAccessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/COM/COM.Basic.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/Cdxml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ETS/CimAdapter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Job/Jobs.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/ModulePath.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/NewModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/SubmodulePathInManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/TestModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/BooleanParameterDCR.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/NullableBooleanDCR.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/StaticParameterBinder.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/InvokeCommandRemoteDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RoleCapabilityFiles.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SessionOption.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/TestRunner.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
.github/CODEOWNERS

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
test/powershell/Language/Operators/ReplaceOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:Mathias R. Jessen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
test/powershell/Language/Operators/ReplaceOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseTools.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/files.wxs
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:kwkam 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeInferenceVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/NavigationProviderBase.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/setReleaseTag.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/ControlService.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Hierarchical-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Move-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.NoNewlineParameter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pop-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Push-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Registry.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Computer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Computer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Unimplemented-Cmdlet.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Donovan Brown 
tools/install-powershell.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/RedirectController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:rjmholt 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Dan Travison 
build.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/common/markdown/gulpfile.js

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/CimInstance.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/CimSession.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/Get-CimClass.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersLanguage/HelpersLanguage.psm1

Author:Timothée Mazzucotelli 
tools/installpsh-debian.sh

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/Product.wxs
assets/files.wxs
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/Product.wxs
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Mariah 
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:William Easton 
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora27/Dockerfile

Author:Jamie Bilinski 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
src/Modules/PSGalleryModules.csproj

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
docs/building/internals.md
nuget.config
src/Modules/PSGalleryModules.csproj
test/PSReadLine/App.config
test/PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
test/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.tests.csproj
test/PSReadLine/Program.cs
test/PSReadLine/packages.config

Author:Kevin Marquette 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RegisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/InvokeWSManAction.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SaveHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdateHelpCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.gitignore
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
.spelling
docs/host-powershell/README.md
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell-crossplatform/MyApp/MyApp.csproj
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell-crossplatform/MyApp/Program.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell-crossplatform/NuGet.config
docs/maintainers/releasing.md
tools/packaging/packaging.psd1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.strings.psd1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
build.psm1

Author:Joel Joseprabu 
build.psm1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/DockerFile

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:develroo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
assets/license.rtf
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md
docs/testing-guidelines/CodeCoverageAnalysis.md

Author:Roman Beltyukov 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/certificateCommon.psm1

Author:Michael Ababio 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTemporaryFileCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewTemporaryFile.Tests.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FunctionProvider.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Kevin Marquette 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew 
docker/tests/Templates/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.8/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.9/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora27/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/kalilinux/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu17.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FunctionProvider.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md
demos/python/README.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
.travis.yml
build.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
demos/Apache/Apache/Apache.psm1
demos/Apache/apache-demo.ps1
demos/Azure/Azure-Demo.ps1
demos/DSC/dsc-demo.ps1
demos/Docker-PowerShell/Docker-PowerShell.ps1
demos/SystemD/SystemD/SystemD.psm1
demos/SystemD/journalctl-demo.ps1
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psd1
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psm1
demos/crontab/crontab.ps1
demos/dsc.ps1
demos/powershellget/PowerShellGet.ps1
demos/python/class1.ps1
demos/python/demo_script.ps1
demos/python/inline_python.ps1
demos/rest/rest.ps1
docker/tests/container.tests.ps1
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet1.1/Logic/UseRunspace.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet1.1/MyApp/Program.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.1/Logic/UseRunspace.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.1/MyApp/Program.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.3/MyApp/Program.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimAsyncOperation.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimBaseAction.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCmdletModuleInitialize.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetAssociatedInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetCimClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimIndicationWatcher.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimInvokeCimMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimNewCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimPromptUser.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimRegisterCimIndication.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimRemoveCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimResultObserver.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionOperations.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSetCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteError.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteResultObject.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CmdletOperation.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimAssociatedInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimClassCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/InvokeCimMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RegisterCimIndicationCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RemoveCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RemoveCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/SetCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CommonUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CoreCLR/Stubs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSample.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ExportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/NewWinEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/SessionBasedWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/CimJobException.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/CreateInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/DeleteInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/EnumerateAssociatedInstancesJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/ExtrinsicMethodInvocationJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/InstanceMethodInvocationJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/MethodInvocationJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/ModifyInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/PropertySettingJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/QueryJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/QueryJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/StaticMethodInvocationJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/TerminatingErrorTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimChildJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimCmdletDefinitionContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimCmdletInvocationContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimJobContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimOperationOptionsHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/clientSideQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/AddContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CIMHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearRecycleBinCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CombinePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommitTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ConvertPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/MovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/NewPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughPropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PingPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RegisterWMIEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemoveWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RenamePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ResolvePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RollbackTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/StartTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/UseTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WriteContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/singleshell/installer/MshManagementMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConsoleColorCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Csv.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerializationStrings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/DebugRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Disable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Enable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/EnableDisableRunspaceDebugCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ExpressionColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/HeaderInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OriginalColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ScalarTypeColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/TableView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/GetFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/WriteFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-hex/Format-Hex.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-list/Format-List.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-object/format-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-table/Format-Table.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-wide/Format-Wide.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-string/out-string.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSCallStack.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetCultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventSubscriberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHash.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHostCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRandomCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUICultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUnique.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUptime.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetVerbCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportPowerShellDataFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/InvokeCommandCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewGuidCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTemporaryFileCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTimeSpanCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ObjectCommandComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ReadConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterObjectEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterPSEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RemoveAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RemoveEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/TimeExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnregisterEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-Data.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WaitEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/ContentHelper.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/HttpKnownHeaderNames.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObjectFactory.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObjectCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebCmdletElementCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Write-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteAliasCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteProgressCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/compare-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/new-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/neweventcommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/sort-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/GetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/singleshell/installer/MshUtilityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostTranscript.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePrompt.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleTextWriter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Executor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/PendingProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Serialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StopTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Telemetry.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/EngineInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/MshHostMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventDescriptor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProviderTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/CoTaskMemSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/CoTaskMemUnicodeSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventBookmark.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventKeyword.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLevel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogException.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogInformation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogLink.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogPropertySelector.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogReader.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogRecord.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventMetadata.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventOpcode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventProperty.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventPropertyContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventRecord.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventTask.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/NativeWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/ProviderMetadata.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/ProviderMetadataCachedInformation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/Winmeta.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/UnsafeNativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/AddLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/DisableLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/EnableLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/NewLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/NewLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RenameLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RenameLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/SetLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/SetLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Exceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Extensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/LocalGroup.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/LocalPrincipal.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/LocalUser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Native.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/NtStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/PInvokeDllNames.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Sam.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/SamApi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/StringUtil.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/SamplePSReadlineProfile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobSourceAdapter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobStore.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobWTS.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/AddJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobDefinitionBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableDisableCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/NewJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/NewScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RegisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RemoveJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SchedJobCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/ScheduledJobOptionCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/UnregisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CmsCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CredentialCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/ExecutionPolicyCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SecureStringCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/certificateproviderexceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/singleshell/installer/MshSecurityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CurrentConfigurations.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Interop.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/InvokeWSManAction.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/NewWSManSession.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/PingWSMan.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-QuickConfig.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManConnections.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/WSManSessionOption.cs
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataAdapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsHelper.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataV4Adapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.psd1
src/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation/RegisterManifest.ps1
src/ResGen/Program.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/EventResource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Certificate_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Diagnostics_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/DotNetTypes_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Event_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/FileSystem_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/HelpV3_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Help_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellTrace_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Registry_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/WSMan_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ColumnWidthManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ComplexWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/commands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionDataMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataQuery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Views.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatGroupManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatMsgCtxManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatXMLWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjects.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjectsDeserializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ILineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ListWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputQueue.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameterAssociation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/Mshexpression.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/format-default/format-default.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/out-console/ConsoleLineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/out-textInterface/OutTextInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/EnumWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/MethodInvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/MethodParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/MethodParametersCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ObjectModelWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/QueryBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ScriptWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/WildcardPatternToCimQueryParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/other/ciminstancetypeadapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AliasInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ApplicationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ArgumentTypeConverterAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationNull.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComDispatch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComMethod.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ChildrenCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletFamilyProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoolArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoundDispEvent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinderHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComClassMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComDispIds.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSink.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinkProxy.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinksContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComFallbackMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComHresults.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInterop.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeAction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMethodDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeClassDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeEnumDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibMemberDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConversionArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertibleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CurrencyArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DateTimeArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallableMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispatchArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ErrorArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Errors.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ExcepInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Helpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IPseudoComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/NullArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SimpleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SplatCallSite.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/StringArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeEnumMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibInfoMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/UnknownArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Variant.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArray.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/ExtensibleCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommonCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ConfigurationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ContentCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CultureVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DefaultCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EngineIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumExpressionEvaluator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumMinimumDisambiguation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtendedTypeSystemException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExternalScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FilterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FunctionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetEvent_Types_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ICommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ItemCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MergedCommandParameterMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MinishellParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ExportModuleMemberCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleSpecification.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoteDiscoveryHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoveModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ScriptAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshReference.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSecurityException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSnapinQualifiedName.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NullString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ObjectEventRegistrationBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetPromptingData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetSpecificMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PathInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Pipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PositionalCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProcessCodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProgressRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProxyCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/QuestionMarkVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ReflectionParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/RunspaceConfigurationEntry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScopedItemSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityDescriptorCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SerializationStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateAliasAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCmdletAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDynamicProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateItem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateLocationAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateNavigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeEnumerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateSecurityDescriptorInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ShellVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SpecialVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ThirdPartyAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactedString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypesV3_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/UserFeedbackParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableAttributeCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariablePath.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WinRT/IInspectable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WorkflowInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/cmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/Breakpoint.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/AsyncResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ChoiceDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/DefaultHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InformationalRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ListModifier.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Parameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInit.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInvoke.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePool.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/internalHostuserInterfacesecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/pipelinebase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DivInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicInstructionN.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicInstructions.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicSplatInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionList.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LabelInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambda.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambda.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambdaClosureVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/codegen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParseError.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSToken.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/AstVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/CharTraits.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ConstantValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/DebugViewWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/FusionAssemblyIdentity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/GlobalAssemblyCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Position.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PreOrderVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SafeValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SymbolResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeInferenceVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/regex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobSourceAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PowerShellStreams.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingErrorRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RunspaceRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ThrottlingJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesessionprotocolstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspaceinfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocol.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DebugJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DisconnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/EnterPSHostProcessCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/GetJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/JobRepository.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PopRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceiveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceivePSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/RemoveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ResumeJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StopJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/SuspendJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/TestPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/WaitJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/removerunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/runspacerepository.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/AsyncObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/DispatchTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/Indexer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/ObjectRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSSessionConfigurationTypeOption.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceInitInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspacePoolStateInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHostEncoder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemotingDataObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/psstreamobject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/throttlemanager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSSessionConfigurationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/host/RemoteHostMethodInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineSubscriber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/WSManChannelEvents.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesessionstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocol.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ArrayOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ClassOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/NumericOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/StringOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/VariableOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/ScriptBlockToPowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbindercontroller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/BaseCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetNativeApi.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultCommandHelpObjectBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DscResourceHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCategoryInvalidException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpErrorTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpNotFoundException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithFullCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpRequest.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlClassHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/PSClassHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/RemoteHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SaveHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ScriptCommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SyntaxHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpUri.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdateHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/AliasProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ContainerProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/CoreCommandContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/DriveProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/EnvironmentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FunctionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IDynamicPropertyProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPermissionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPropertiesProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ItemProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/NavigationProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/PathInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderDeclarationAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeRegistryHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeTransactionHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SessionStateProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/StackInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/VariableProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Win32Native.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CredentialParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/MshSignature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ArchitectureSensitiveAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/BackgroundDispatcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandDiscoveryExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandProcessorExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CoreProviderCmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/EncodingUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExecutionExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/FormatAndTypeDataHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/HostInterfacesExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/IObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/IObjectWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MetadataExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentNullException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentOutOfRangeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshInvalidOperationException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotImplementedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotSupportedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshObjectDisposedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PInvokeDllNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParameterBinderExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParserException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PathUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellExecutionHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/RuntimeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StringUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/Verbs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/assert.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetInstanceBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverterMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwEventCorrelator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/IMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSSysLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/SysLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/Tracing.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/TracingGen.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/createhardlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/createhardlink.h
src/libpsl-native/src/createprocess.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/createprocess.h
src/libpsl-native/src/createsymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/createsymlink.h
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getcomputername.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getcomputername.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getcurrentprocessorid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getcurrentprocessorid.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getcurrentthreadid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getcurrentthreadid.h
src/libpsl-native/src/geterrorcategory.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/geterrorcategory.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getfileowner.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getfileowner.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getfullyqualifiedname.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getinodedata.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getinodedata.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getlinkcount.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getlinkcount.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getppid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getppid.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getpwuid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getpwuid.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getstat.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getstat.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getuserfrompid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getuserfrompid.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getusername.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getusername.h
src/libpsl-native/src/isdirectory.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isdirectory.h
src/libpsl-native/src/isexecutable.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isexecutable.h
src/libpsl-native/src/isfile.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isfile.h
src/libpsl-native/src/issamefilesystemitem.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/issamefilesystemitem.h
src/libpsl-native/src/issymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/issymlink.h
src/libpsl-native/src/nativesyslog.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/nativesyslog.h
src/libpsl-native/src/pal.h
src/libpsl-native/src/setdate.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/setdate.h
src/libpsl-native/test/main.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-createhardlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-createsymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getcomputername.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getcurrentprocessid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getcurrentthreadid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getfileowner.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getlinkcount.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getuserfrompid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getusername.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-isdirectory.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-isexecutable.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-isfile.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-issymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-locale.cpp
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ClrHostWrapper.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/IPwrshCommonOutput.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/NativeMsh.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/NativeMshConstants.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/SystemCallFacade.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/WinSystemCallFacade.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/WinSystemCallFacade.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CssMainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/MainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/OutputWriter.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshheaders.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugindefs.h
src/powershell/Program.cs
test/PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
test/PSReadLine/Program.cs
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1
test/csharp/test_Binders.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_ExtensionMethods.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_PSConfiguration.cs
test/csharp/test_PSVersionInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs
test/csharp/test_SecuritySupport.cs
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs
test/csharp/test_Utils.cs
test/docker/networktest/DockerRemoting.Tests.ps1
test/docker/networktest/New-DockerTestBuild.ps1
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/HostUtilities.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/MSFT_778492.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/ProtectedAccess.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Break.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Exceptions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.MiscOps.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.RunPath.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.StaticMethod.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.NestedModules.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.enums.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/CompletionTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Interop/DotNet/DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Interop/DotNet/DotNetInterop.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Operators/ComparisonOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Operators/RangeOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Operators/SplitOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Ast.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/AutomaticVariables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/BNotOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Conversions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ExtensibleCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/MethodInvocation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingAssembly.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingNamespace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ActionPreference.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Array.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CheckRestrictedlanguage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CmdletDeclaration.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CommonParameters.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ConstrainedLanguageMode.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggingInHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Delegates.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/DeserializedMethods.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/DeserializedTypeConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Dynamicparameters.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ForeachParallel.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Generics.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/HashtableToPSCustomObjectConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Indexer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/LineEndings.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/MyInvocation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandArguments.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeStreams.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeUnixGlobbing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OrderedAttributeForHashTables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OutErrorVariable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Requires.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Scripting.Followup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/TestsOnWinFullOnly.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Trap.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/TryCatch.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/CimInstance.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/CimSession.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/Get-CimClass.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/History.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Job.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Default.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemoteGetModule.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemoteImportModule.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemotingCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Remove-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/TestGetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/CounterTestHelperFunctions.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Export-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/New-WinEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroupMember.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalUser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/ControlService.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Hierarchical-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Move-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.NoNewlineParameter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pop-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Push-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Registry.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Computer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Computer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Unimplemented-Cmdlet.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AclCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CertificateProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ConstrainedLanguageRestriction.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion1/UserConfigProviderModVersion1.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion2/UserConfigProviderModVersion2.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion3/UserConfigProviderModVersion3.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/scriptdsc/scriptdsc.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/scriptdsc/scriptdsc.schema.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/UserConfigProv.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/certificateCommon.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Xml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Debug-Runspace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/EnableDisablePSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Eventing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Culture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-EventSubscriber.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSCallStack.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-RunspaceDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-TraceSource.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-UICulture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Uptime.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Verb.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Group-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-LocalizedData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ImportExportCSV.Delimiter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/JsonObject.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MiscCmdletUpdates.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewGuid.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewTemporaryFile.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/PowerShellData.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-EngineEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-ObjectEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/RunspaceCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-XML.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Send-MailMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Sort-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Test-Mocks.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Unblock-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Unimplemented-Cmdlet.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Wait-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Debug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Output.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Verbose.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/XMLCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/alias.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/localized.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/command.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/formatdata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/string.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/typedata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/TestWSMan.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/MOF-Compilation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/AutomountSubstDrive.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/AutomountSubstDriveCore.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/AutomountVHDDrive.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/Pester.AutomountedDrives.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/ProviderIntrinsics.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/GetNewClosure.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/InitialSessionState.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/LanguagePrimitive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/ProxyCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/Serialization.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/TypeInference.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Assembly.LoadFrom.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/CommandDiscovery.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Credential.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Encoding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/PropertyAccessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/COM/COM.Basic.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/Cdxml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/CdxmlTest.psd1
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ETS/CimAdapter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Job/Jobs.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/ModulePath.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/NewModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/SubmodulePathInManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/TestModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/assets/testmodulerunspace/NestedRequiredModule1/2.5/NestedRequiredModule1.psd1
test/powershell/engine/Module/assets/testmodulerunspace/NestedRequiredModule1/2.5/NestedRequiredModule1.psm1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/BooleanParameterDCR.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/NullableBooleanDCR.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/StaticParameterBinder.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/InvokeCommandRemoteDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RoleCapabilityFiles.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SessionOption.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/CimCmdletsResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/ConsoleHostResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/DotNetEventingResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/ManagementCommandsResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/SMAResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/SecurityResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/TestRunner.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/UtilityResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/WSManResources.Tests.ps1
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersHostCS/HelpersHostCS.psm1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersLanguage/HelpersLanguage.psm1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersRemoting/HelpersRemoting.psm1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psm1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psd1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1
test/tools/TestExe/TestExe.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Constants.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/AuthController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/CertController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/CompressionController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/DelayController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/EncodingController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/GetController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/HomeController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/LinkController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/MultipartController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/RedirectController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/ResponseController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/ResponseHeadersController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/DeflateFilter.cs
test/tools/WebListener/GzipFilter.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Models/ErrorViewModel.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Program.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Startup.cs
tools/ResxGen/ResxGen.ps1
tools/ResxGen/ResxGen.psm1
tools/Sign-Package.ps1
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/failingTests/fail.tests.ps1
tools/install-powershell.ps1
tools/packaging/packaging.psd1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/dockerInstall.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/wix.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/createComplianceFolder.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/generatePackgeSigning.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/updateSigning.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/vstsbuild.ps1
tools/releaseTools.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
test/powershell/Language/Operators/RangeOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Steve Lee 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Andrew Palmer 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Klaudia Algiz 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Certificate_format_ps1xml.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/setReleaseTag.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/setReleaseTag.sh

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Takuya Shibata 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
build.psm1
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Default.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Move-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Output.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/CommandDiscovery.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspaceinfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
README.md
assets/ps_black_64.svg

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSSysLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/SysLogProvider.cs

Author:Priyesh 
docs/building/internals.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1

Author:Ilya 
.travis.yml
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
global.json

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj

Author:Daniel Llewellyn 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Telemetry.cs

Author:Mathias R. Jessen 
docs/community/governance.md

Author:Chris Duck 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md
docs/maintainers/releasing.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Benjamin Staneck 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/TypeCatalogGen/.gitignore

Author:Dan Travison 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSConfiguration.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Takuya Shibata 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:Greg Zimmerman 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/EnterPSHostProcessCommand.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
.travis.yml

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/tests/container.tests.ps1
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Eli Uriegas 
docker/release/fedora27/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora27/Dockerfile

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
PowerShell-Win.sln
build.psm1
docs/building/internals.md
docs/testing-guidelines/CodeCoverageAnalysis.md
nuget.config
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/BasicEditing.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Changes.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleBufferBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Disposable.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/History.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/HistoryQueue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KillYank.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/License.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Options.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PublicAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Replace.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/SamplePSReadlineProfile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ScreenCapture.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/VisualEditing.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/YankPaste.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/en-US/PSReadline.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/en-US/about_PSReadline.help.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/packages.config
src/Modules/PSGalleryModules.csproj
src/Modules/Shared/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psm1
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/PSReadLine/App.config
test/PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
test/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.tests.csproj
test/PSReadLine/Program.cs
test/PSReadLine/packages.config
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Thomas Conté 
build.psm1
tools/installpsh-suse.sh
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
test/csharp/csharp.tests.csproj
test/tools/WebListener/WebListener.csproj
tools/releaseTools.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk 
PowerShell-Win.sln
build.psm1
docs/building/internals.md
docs/testing-guidelines/CodeCoverageAnalysis.md
nuget.config
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/BasicEditing.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Changes.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleBufferBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Disposable.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/History.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/HistoryQueue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KillYank.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/License.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Options.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PublicAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Replace.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/SamplePSReadlineProfile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ScreenCapture.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/VisualEditing.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/YankPaste.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/en-US/PSReadline.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/en-US/about_PSReadline.help.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/packages.config
src/Modules/PSGalleryModules.csproj
src/Modules/Shared/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psm1
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/PSReadLine/App.config
test/PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
test/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.tests.csproj
test/PSReadLine/Program.cs
test/PSReadLine/packages.config
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EventResource.resx
tools/ResxGen/ResxGen.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
docker/community/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora25/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docker/tests/container.tests.ps1
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/installation/windows.md
tools/metadata.json

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/ContentHelper.Common.cs

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
build.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
test/powershell/engine/Module/NewModuleManifest.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Ilya 
PowerShell.Common.props
appveyor.yml
test/Test.Common.props

Author:Zack Knight 
docs/building/macos.md

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Brian Bunke 
docs/BREAKINGCHANGES.md

Author:Ilya 
PowerShell.Common.props
appveyor.yml
test/Test.Common.props

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Constants.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/LinkController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/RedirectController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md

Author:Mark Kraus 
.spelling
docs/BREAKINGCHANGES.md

Author:Dan Travison 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MinishellParameterBinderController.cs

Author:Tim Lewis 
docs/installation/macos.md

Author:Ryan Palo 
docs/installation/macos.md

Author:Satoshi Tanda 
src/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation/RegisterManifest.ps1

Author:kanjibates 
docs/installation/macos.md

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/tests/container.tests.ps1
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Danny Maertens 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md
docs/BREAKINGCHANGES.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
docker/community/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora25/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docker/tests/container.tests.ps1
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/installation/windows.md
tools/metadata.json

Author:Greg Zimmerman 
README.md
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md
docs/building/macos.md
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/installation/macos.md
docs/learning-powershell/README.md

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
.github/Images/GitHub-PR.png
assets/Powershell_256.png
assets/macDialog.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std21.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std22.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std3.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std4.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std5.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std61.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std62.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std63.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step1.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step2.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step3.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step4.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step5.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step6.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step7.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step8.png
docs/testing-guidelines/Images/AppVeyor-Github.png

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1

Author:Andrew 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Mark Kraus 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/powershell.config.json
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSSysLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/SysLogProvider.cs
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/csharp/test_Binders.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_ExtensionMethods.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_PSConfiguration.cs
test/csharp/test_PSVersionInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs
test/csharp/test_SecuritySupport.cs
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs
test/csharp/test_Utils.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/PropertyAccessor.Tests.ps1
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Christoph Bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1

Author:Andrew 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Mark Kraus 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Chris 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Dan Travison 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/NativeMsh.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CssMainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugindefs.h

Author:Chris 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/powershell.config.json
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/csharp/test_PSConfiguration.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/PropertyAccessor.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Chris 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1

Author:Chris 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs

Author:Dan Travison 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs

Author:Dan Travison 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/SysLogProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_PSConfiguration.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
test/csharp/test_Binders.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_ExtensionMethods.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_PSConfiguration.cs
test/csharp/test_PSVersionInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs
test/csharp/test_SecuritySupport.cs
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs
test/csharp/test_Utils.cs
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSSysLogProvider.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSConfiguration.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/SysLogProvider.cs

Author:Dan Travison 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs

Author:Dan Travison 
build.psm1

Author:Chris 
build.psm1

Author:Chris 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/install-powershell.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Array.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Scripting.Followup.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/releaseTools.psm1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/releaseTools.psm1

Author:Luke Anderson 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/Images/GitHub-PR.png

Author:SwarfegaGit 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Andrew 
docker/tests/Templates/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.8/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.9/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora25/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/kalilinux/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu17.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/GetController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/ResponseController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Startup.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Luke Anderson 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/Images/GitHub-PR.png

Author:SwarfegaGit 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Andrew 
docker/tests/Templates/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.8/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.9/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora25/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/kalilinux/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu17.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Travis Plunk 
README.md
docker/community/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora25/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docker/tests/container.tests.ps1
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/GetController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/ResponseController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Startup.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
docs/git/submodules.md
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1
test/powershell/README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
PowerShell.Common.props
appveyor.yml
test/Test.Common.props

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
docs/git/submodules.md
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1
test/powershell/README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
PowerShell.Common.props
appveyor.yml
test/Test.Common.props

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
docs/building/internals.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/installpsh-debian.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
docs/building/internals.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/installpsh-debian.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1
src/powershell-native/coreclr_defs.cmake
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.cpp

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/macDialog.png
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.strings.psd1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/packagesigning.xml
tools/releaseBuild/signing.xml

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1
src/powershell-native/coreclr_defs.cmake
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.cpp

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
assets/macDialog.png
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.strings.psd1

Author:Travis Plunk 
CHANGELOG.md
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/packagesigning.xml
tools/releaseBuild/signing.xml

Author:Travis Plunk 
CHANGELOG.md
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json
tools/releaseBuild/updateSigning.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/vstsbuild.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/engine/Basic/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
.travis.yml
CHANGELOG.md
build.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.travis.yml

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
CHANGELOG.md
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.gitmodules
.spelling
.travis.yml
build.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Pester
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json
tools/releaseBuild/updateSigning.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/vstsbuild.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/engine/Basic/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
.travis.yml
CHANGELOG.md
build.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.travis.yml

Author:Travis Plunk 
CHANGELOG.md
build.psm1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/ContentHelper.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/ContentHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CODEOWNERS
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
CHANGELOG.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Constants.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/ResponseController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Mark Kraus 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.gitmodules
.spelling
.travis.yml
build.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Pester
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CODEOWNERS
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
CHANGELOG.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Constants.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/ResponseController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Mark Kraus 
build.psm1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ExtendedTypeSystem.resx
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Conversions.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/terms/PowerShell-Terms-Rules.mdb

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
build.psm1
test/csharp/csharp.tests.csproj
test/csharp/fixture_AssemblyLoadContext.cs
test/csharp/test_Binders.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_ExtensionMethods.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_PSVersionInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs
test/csharp/test_SecuritySupport.cs
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs
test/csharp/test_Utils.cs
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/SysLogProvider.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/terms/PowerShell-Terms-Rules.mdb

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
build.psm1
test/csharp/csharp.tests.csproj
test/csharp/fixture_AssemblyLoadContext.cs
test/csharp/test_Binders.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_ExtensionMethods.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_PSVersionInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs
test/csharp/test_SecuritySupport.cs
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs
test/csharp/test_Utils.cs
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/SysLogProvider.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1

Author:Jonathan Muller 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1

Author:Jonathan Muller 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/DockerFile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/dockerInstall.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/wix.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json
tools/releaseBuild/generatePackgeSigning.ps1

Author:Chris 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.def
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.h

Author:Chris 
.vscode/settings.json

Author:Chris 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionResult.cs

Author:Troy Lindsay 
.travis.yml

Author:Steve Lee 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
README.md
demos/Raspberry-Pi/README.md
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:PRASOON KARUNAN V 
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParameterBinderStrings.resx

Author:Ilya 
build.psm1

Author:bergmeister 
tools/install-powershell.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-createsymlink.cpp

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/DockerFile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/dockerInstall.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/wix.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json
tools/releaseBuild/generatePackgeSigning.ps1

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1

Author:Chris 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.def
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.h

Author:Chris 
.vscode/settings.json

Author:Chris 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionResult.cs

Author:Troy Lindsay 
.travis.yml

Author:Steve Lee 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
README.md
demos/Raspberry-Pi/README.md
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:PRASOON KARUNAN V 
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParameterBinderStrings.resx

Author:Ilya 
build.psm1

Author:bergmeister 
tools/install-powershell.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-createsymlink.cpp

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/tests/container.tests.ps1
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:bergmeister 
tools/install-powershell.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/tests/container.tests.ps1
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/metadata.json
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/PowerShellPackage.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile

Author:bergmeister 
tools/install-powershell.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/PowerShellPackage.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
README.md
docker/community/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora25/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/macOS/PowerShellPackage.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/vstsbuild.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/install-powershell.ps1
tools/metadata.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/generatePackgeSigning.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/packagesigning.xml
tools/releaseBuild/updateSigning.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.vscode/launch.json
.vscode/tasks.json
build.psm1

Author:bergmeister 
build.psm1
src/TypeCatalogGen/.gitignore

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
PowerShell.Common.props

Author:Darwin 
tools/install-powershell.sh
tools/installpsh-amazonlinux.sh
tools/installpsh-debian.sh
tools/installpsh-osx.sh
tools/installpsh-redhat.sh
tools/installpsh-suse.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
test/powershell/engine/Api/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1

Author:Keith Hill 
.gitignore
.vscode/extensions.json
.vscode/launch.json
.vscode/settings.json

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceStrings.resx

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
docs/community/governance.md

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
tools/install-powershell.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/signing.xml

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/installpsh-osx.sh

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Program.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md

Author:Dan Travison 
.spelling
docs/building/internals.md
src/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation.nuspec
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj

Author:Andrew 
docker/tests/Templates/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.8/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/debian.9/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora25/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/kalilinux/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/Templates/ubuntu17.04/Dockerfile
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/.gitignore
tools/packaging/packaging.psd1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json
tools/releaseBuild/vstsbuild.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/install-powershell.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.travis.yml
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/vstsbuild.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/HtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/ContentHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/HtmlWebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/HttpKnownHeaderNames.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObjectFactory.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/ContentHelper.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/HtmlWebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeRestMethodCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeWebRequestCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/JsonObjectTypeResolver.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebRequestPSCmdlet.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseHelper.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseObjectFactory.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs

Author:Himura Kazuto 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogReader.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InterpretedFrame.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
tools/install-powershell.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
.spelling
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/AuthController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityCommonStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Unblock-File.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
tools/download.sh

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/signing.xml
tools/releaseBuild/updateSigning.ps1

Author:Keith Hill 
build.psm1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
build.psm1
src/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation/CMakeLists.txt
src/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation.man
src/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation/RegisterManifest.ps1
src/PowerShell.Core.Instrumentation/version.rc
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProgressRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ChoiceDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs

Author:Dan Travison 
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/SMAResources.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/DotNetTypes_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/createComplianceFolder.ps1

Author:Avi Wollman 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Steve Lee 
CHANGELOG.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoveModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesessionprotocolstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineSubscriber.cs
test/PSReadLine/Program.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/FAQ.md
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MinishellParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandArguments.Tests.ps1

Author:Greg Zimmerman 
tools/packaging/macos/launcher/ROOT/Applications/PowerShell.app/Contents/Info.plist
tools/packaging/macos/launcher/ROOT/Applications/PowerShell.app/Contents/MacOS/PowerShell.sh
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:bergmeister 
build.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
README.md

Author:Keith Hill 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/EventResource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EventResource.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSSysLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/SysLogProvider.cs
tools/ResxGen/PowerShell-Core-Instrumentation.man
tools/ResxGen/ResxGen.ps1
tools/ResxGen/ResxGen.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/createComplianceFolder.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
docs/building/internals.md
src/powershell-win-core/.gitignore
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/libpsl-native/src/nativesyslog.cpp

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
demos/install/README.md
docs/building/linux.md
tools/download.sh
tools/installpsh-debian.sh
tools/installpsh-osx.sh
tools/installpsh-redhat.sh
tools/installpsh-suse.sh

Author:Raphael 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RemoveAliasCommand.cs
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersLanguage/HelpersLanguage.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Computer.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
PowerShell.Common.props
build.psm1
global.json
test/Test.Common.props
test/tools/TestExe/TestExe.csproj
test/tools/WebListener/WebListener.csproj

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Certificate_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Diagnostics_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/DotNetTypes_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Event_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/FileSystem_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/HelpV3_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Help_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellTrace_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/Registry_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/DefaultFormatters/WSMan_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ColumnWidthManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ComplexWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/commands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionDataMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataQuery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Views.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatGroupManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatMsgCtxManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatXMLWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjects.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjectsDeserializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ILineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/ListWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputQueue.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameterAssociation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/Mshexpression.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/format-default/format-default.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/out-console/ConsoleLineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/FormatAndOutput/out-textInterface/OutTextInterface.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
docs/building/internals.md
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/macos.md
docs/building/windows-core.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/terms/PowerShell-Terms-Rules.mdb

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Parameter.cs

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerResources.resx
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Computer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Computer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Unimplemented-Cmdlet.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeUnixGlobbing.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MinishellParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Parameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/ScriptBlockToPowerShell.cs

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Operators/RangeOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/packaging/macos/launcher/ROOT/Applications/PowerShell.app/Contents/Info.plist
tools/packaging/macos/launcher/ROOT/Applications/PowerShell.app/Contents/MacOS/PowerShell.sh
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1

Author:xa0082249956 
README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
.vscode/tasks.json

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-string/out-string.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeStreams.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Debug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Verbose.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resx

Author:Mathias R. Jessen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/NumericOps.cs
test/powershell/Language/Operators/RangeOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile

Author:Travis Plunk 
.travis.yml
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
LICENSE.txt
assets/AppImageThirdPartyNotices.txt
assets/pwsh.1.ronn
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psd1
docker/README.md
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet1.1/Logic/UseRunspace.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet1.1/MyApp/Program.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.1/Logic/UseRunspace.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.1/MyApp/Program.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.3/MyApp/Program.cs
license_thirdparty_proprietary.txt
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimAsyncOperation.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimBaseAction.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCmdletModuleInitialize.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetAssociatedInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetCimClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimIndicationWatcher.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimInvokeCimMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimNewCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimPromptUser.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimRegisterCimIndication.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimRemoveCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimResultObserver.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionOperations.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSetCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteError.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteResultObject.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CmdletOperation.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimAssociatedInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimClassCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/InvokeCimMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RegisterCimIndicationCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RemoveCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RemoveCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/SetCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSample.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ExportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/NewWinEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/resources/GetEventResources.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/SessionBasedWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/CimJobException.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/CreateInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/DeleteInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/EnumerateAssociatedInstancesJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/ExtrinsicMethodInvocationJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/InstanceMethodInvocationJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/MethodInvocationJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/ModifyInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/PropertySettingJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/QueryJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/QueryJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/StaticMethodInvocationJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/TerminatingErrorTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimChildJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimCmdletDefinitionContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimCmdletInvocationContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimJobContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimOperationOptionsHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/clientSideQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/AddContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CombinePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommitTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ConvertPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/MovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/NewPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughPropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PingPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RegisterWMIEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemoveWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RenamePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ResolvePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RollbackTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/StartTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/UseTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WriteContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/singleshell/installer/MshManagementMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConsoleColorCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Csv.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerializationStrings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/DebugRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Disable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Enable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/EnableDisableRunspaceDebugCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ExpressionColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/HeaderInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OriginalColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ScalarTypeColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/TableView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/GetFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/WriteFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-list/Format-List.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-object/format-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-table/Format-Table.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-wide/Format-Wide.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-string/out-string.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSCallStack.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetCultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventSubscriberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHostCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRandomCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUICultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUnique.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUptime.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/InvokeCommandCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewGuidCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTimeSpanCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ObjectCommandComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ReadConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterObjectEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterPSEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RemoveEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/TimeExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnregisterEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-Data.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WaitEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/ContentHelper.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/HtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/ContentHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/HtmlWebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/HttpKnownHeaderNames.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObjectFactory.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObjectCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/ContentHelper.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/HtmlWebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeRestMethodCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeWebRequestCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/JsonObjectTypeResolver.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebRequestPSCmdlet.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseHelper.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseObjectFactory.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebCmdletElementCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Write-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteAliasCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteProgressCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/compare-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/new-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/neweventcommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/sort-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/GetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/singleshell/installer/MshUtilityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostTranscript.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePrompt.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleTextWriter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Executor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/PendingProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Serialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StopTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/EngineInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/MshHostMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventDescriptor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProviderTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/PInvokeDllNames.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/BasicEditing.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleBufferBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/History.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/HistoryQueue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KillYank.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Options.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PublicAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Replace.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ScreenCapture.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/VisualEditing.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/YankPaste.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobSourceAdapter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobStore.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobWTS.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/AddJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobDefinitionBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableDisableCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/NewJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/NewScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RegisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RemoveJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SchedJobCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/ScheduledJobOptionCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/UnregisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CmsCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CredentialCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/ExecutionPolicyCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SecureStringCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/certificateproviderexceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/singleshell/installer/MshSecurityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CurrentConfigurations.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Interop.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/InvokeWSManAction.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/NewWSManSession.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/PingWSMan.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-QuickConfig.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManConnections.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/resources/WsManResources.txt
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/WSManSessionOption.cs
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSMan.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.types.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/EnumWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/MethodInvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/MethodParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/MethodParametersCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ObjectModelWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/QueryBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ScriptWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/WildcardPatternToCimQueryParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/other/ciminstancetypeadapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ColumnWidthManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ComplexWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Certificate_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Diagnostics_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/DotNetTypes_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Event_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/FileSystem_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/HelpV3_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Help_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellTrace_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Registry_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/WSMan_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/commands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionDataMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataQuery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Views.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatGroupManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatMsgCtxManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatXMLWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjects.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjectsDeserializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ILineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ListWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputQueue.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameterAssociation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/Mshexpression.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-default/format-default.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/ConsoleLineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-textInterface/OutTextInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AliasInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ApplicationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ArgumentTypeConverterAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationNull.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComDispatch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComMethod.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ChildrenCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletFamilyProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoolArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoundDispEvent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinderHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComClassMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComDispIds.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSink.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinkProxy.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinksContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComFallbackMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComHresults.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInterop.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeAction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMethodDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeClassDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeEnumDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibMemberDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConversionArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertibleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CurrencyArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DateTimeArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallableMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispatchArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ErrorArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Errors.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ExcepInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Helpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IPseudoComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/NullArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SimpleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SplatCallSite.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/StringArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeEnumMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibInfoMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/UnknownArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Variant.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArray.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/ExtensibleCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommonCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ConfigurationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ContentCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CultureVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DefaultCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EngineIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumExpressionEvaluator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumMinimumDisambiguation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtendedTypeSystemException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExternalScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FilterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FunctionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ICommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ItemCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MergedCommandParameterMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MinishellParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ExportModuleMemberCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleSpecification.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoteDiscoveryHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoveModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ScriptAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshReference.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSecurityException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSnapinQualifiedName.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NullString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ObjectEventRegistrationBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetPromptingData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetSpecificMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PathInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Pipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PositionalCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProgressRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProxyCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/QuestionMarkVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ReflectionParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/RunspaceConfigurationEntry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScopedItemSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityDescriptorCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SerializationStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateAliasAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCmdletAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDynamicProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateItem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateLocationAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateNavigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeEnumerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateSecurityDescriptorInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ShellVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SpecialVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ThirdPartyAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactedString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/UserFeedbackParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableAttributeCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariablePath.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WinRT/IInspectable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WorkflowInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/cmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/Breakpoint.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/AsyncResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ChoiceDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/DefaultHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InformationalRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ListModifier.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Parameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInit.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInvoke.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePool.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/internalHostuserInterfacesecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/pipelinebase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/codegen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParseError.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSToken.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/AstVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/CharTraits.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ConstantValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/FusionAssemblyIdentity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/GlobalAssemblyCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Position.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PreOrderVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SafeValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SymbolResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/regex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobSourceAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PowerShellStreams.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingErrorRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RunspaceRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ThrottlingJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesessionprotocolstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspaceinfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocol.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DebugJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DisconnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/EnterPSHostProcessCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/GetJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/JobRepository.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PopRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceiveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceivePSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/RemoveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ResumeJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StopJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/SuspendJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/TestPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/WaitJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/removerunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/runspacerepository.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/AsyncObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/DispatchTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/Indexer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/ObjectRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSSessionConfigurationTypeOption.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceInitInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspacePoolStateInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHostEncoder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemotingDataObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/psstreamobject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/throttlemanager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSSessionConfigurationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/host/RemoteHostMethodInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineSubscriber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/WSManChannelEvents.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesessionstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocol.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ArrayOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ClassOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/NumericOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/StringOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/VariableOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/ScriptBlockToPowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbindercontroller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/BaseCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetNativeApi.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultCommandHelpObjectBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DscResourceHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCategoryInvalidException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpErrorTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpNotFoundException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithFullCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpRequest.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlClassHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/PSClassHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/RemoteHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SaveHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ScriptCommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SyntaxHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpUri.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdateHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/AliasProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ContainerProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/CoreCommandContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/DriveProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/EnvironmentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FunctionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IDynamicPropertyProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPermissionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPropertiesProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ItemProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/NavigationProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/PathInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderDeclarationAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeTransactionHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SessionStateProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/StackInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/VariableProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CredentialParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/MshSignature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ArchitectureSensitiveAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/BackgroundDispatcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandDiscoveryExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandProcessorExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CoreProviderCmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/EncodingUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExecutionExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/FormatAndTypeDataHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/HostInterfacesExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/IObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/IObjectWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MetadataExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentNullException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentOutOfRangeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshInvalidOperationException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotImplementedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotSupportedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshObjectDisposedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PInvokeDllNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParameterBinderExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParserException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PathUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellExecutionHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/RuntimeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StringUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/Verbs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/assert.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetInstanceBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverterMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwEventCorrelator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/IMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/Tracing.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ClrHostWrapper.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/IPwrshCommonOutput.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/NativeMsh.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/NativeMshConstants.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/SystemCallFacade.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/WinSystemCallFacade.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/WinSystemCallFacade.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CssMainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/MainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/MshResources.rc
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/NativeMsh.mc
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/OutputWriter.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/version.rc
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshheaders.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshpluginResources.rc
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugindefs.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshpluginerrorcodes.mc
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/version.rc
src/powershell/Program.cs
test/PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.enums.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggingInHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroupMember.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalUser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/UserConfigProv.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewTemporaryFile.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/CdxmlTest.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersHostCS/HelpersHostCS.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersLanguage/HelpersLanguage.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersRemoting/HelpersRemoting.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psd1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psd1
tools/packaging/packaging.psd1
tools/packaging/project/powershell.nuspec

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ActionPreference.Tests.ps1

Author:Roma Marusyk 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CODEOWNERS
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml
tools/terms/PowerShell-Terms-Rules.mdb

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.github/CODEOWNERS

Author:bergmeister 
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:bergmeister 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/JsonObject.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.travis.yml
tools/debug.sh
tools/installpsh-debian.sh
tools/installpsh-osx.sh
tools/installpsh-redhat.sh
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_centos7/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/vstsbuild.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1
docker/InstallTarballPackage.sh
docker/community/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora25/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
README.md
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Jonas Andersen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ServiceResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PInvokeDllNames.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/appimage.sh
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-hex/Format-Hex.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FileSystemProviderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/EncodingUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PathUtils.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/TestGetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.NoNewlineParameter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Encoding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/NewModuleManifest.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docker/.gitignore
docker/InstallTarballPackage.sh
docker/community/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/community/archlinux/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora25/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Joshua King 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Keith Hill 
global.json

Author:Andrew 
.spelling
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std21.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std22.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std3.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std4.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std5.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std61.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std62.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Std63.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step1.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step2.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step3.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step4.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step5.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step6.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step7.png
docs/cmdlet-example/Images/Step8.png
docs/cmdlet-example/visual-studio-simple-example.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.vscode/launch.json

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/CimCmdlets_fb6cc51d-c096-4b38-b78d-0fed6277096a_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive_eb74e8da-9ae2-482a-a648-e96550fb8733_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics_ca046f10-ca64-4740-8ff9-2565dba61a4f_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host_56d66100-99a0-4ffc-a12d-eee9a6718aef_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management_eefcb906-b326-4e99-9f54-8b4bb6ef3c6d_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security_A94C8C7E-9810-47C0-B8AF-65089C13A35A_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility_1da87e53-152b-403e-98dc-74d7b4d63d59_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.WSMan.Management_766204A6-330E-4263-A7AB-46C87AFC366C_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PSReadline_5714753b-2afd-4492-a5fd-01d9e2cff8b5_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PackageManagement_4ae9fd46-338a-459c-8186-07f910774cb8_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PowershellGet_1d73a601-4a6c-43c5-ba3f-619b18bbb404_HelpInfo.xml

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/CsvCommandStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/nativesyslog.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/nativesyslog.h

Author:Dave Wyatt 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1

Author:Greg Zimmerman 
tools/packaging/macos/launcher/ROOT/Applications/PowerShell.app/Contents/MacOS/PowerShell.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.gitignore
assets/pwsh.1.ronn
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.gitignore
tools/appimage.sh

Author:Keith Hill 
.spelling
docs/cmdlet-example/command-line-simple-example.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs

Author:Mark Kraus 
.spelling
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/ResponseHeadersController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Greg Zimmerman 
tools/packaging/macos/launcher/ROOT/Applications/PowerShell.app/Contents/Info.plist
tools/packaging/macos/launcher/ROOT/Applications/PowerShell.app/Contents/MacOS/PowerShell.sh
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Member.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/libpsl-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/arm.toolchain.cmake

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/RunspaceConfigurationEntry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SpecialVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInit.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInvoke.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePool.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithFullCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationAttributeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntryCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MiniShellErrors.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RegistryStringResourceIndirect.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/CustomMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshCoreMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapinInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/FormatAndTypeDataHelper.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1

Author:Dominic 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1
demos/Raspberry-Pi/README.md
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobDefinition.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/docker/networktest/DockerRemoting.Tests.ps1
test/docker/networktest/Dockerfile
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Conversions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingAssembly.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeStreams.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Default.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/XMLCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/Pester.AutomountedDrives.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/README.md
test/powershell/SDK/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Job/Jobs.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/ModulePath.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/tools/WebListener/README.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Ilya 
Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs

Author:Mark Kraus 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Travis Kinney 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StopJob.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/ProxyCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingAPI.Tests.ps1
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docker/InstallTarballPackage.sh
docker/community/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora25/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora26/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ServiceResources.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/building/internals.md

Author:Kyle Sferrazza 
docs/building/internals.md

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/README.md
tools/releaseBuild/build.json
tools/releaseBuild/vstsbuild.ps1

Author:Tadas Medišauskas 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetVerbCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/VerbDescriptionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/Verbs.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Verb.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.gitignore
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePrompt.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Dave Wyatt 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Write-Object.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1

Author:Indhu Sivaramakrishnan 
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/MOF-Compilation.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandArguments.Tests.ps1

Author:Raghav S 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-string/out-string.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-String.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
assets/Product.wxs
docs/installation/windows.md
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1

Author:PetSerAl 
build.psm1

Author:David Weber 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSNegotiationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSPowerShellPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/KnownMITypes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MITypeSerializationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/PSMISerializer.cs

Author:David Weber 
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:Kyle Sferrazza 
docker/README.md
docker/community/archlinux/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:David Weber 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:Greg Zimmerman 
assets/Powershell.icns

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletFamilyProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Buffer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistrySecurity.cs

Author:Dominic 
docs/building/linux.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.travis.yml
tools/installpsh-osx.sh

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Kinney 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md

Author:Lucas Spits 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SecureStringCommands.resx

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj

Author:Steve Lee 
README.md
assets/Powershell_black_64.png

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
assets/README.md
assets/powershell_128.svg

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md
test/common/markdown/package-lock.json

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.gitattributes

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
README.md
docker/release/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx

Author:Ilya 
docs/dev-process/coding-guidelines.md

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
demos/Raspberry-Pi/README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resx

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
tools/appimage.sh
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
demos/WindowsPowerShellModules/README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
assets/Avatar.svg
assets/Powershell.icns
assets/Powershell_16.png
assets/Powershell_20.png
assets/Powershell_24.png
assets/Powershell_256.ico
assets/Powershell_32.png
assets/Powershell_40.png
assets/Powershell_48.png
assets/Powershell_av_colors.ico
assets/Powershell_avatar.ico
assets/Powershell_black.ico
assets/Product.wxs
assets/WixUIBannerBmp.bmp
assets/WixUIDialogBmp.bmp
assets/WixUIInfoIco.bmp
assets/av_colors_128.svg
assets/avatar_128.svg
assets/powershell_128.svg
assets/ps_black_128.svg

Author:Indhu Sivaramakrishnan 
Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CertificateProvider.Tests.ps1

Author:Indhu Sivaramakrishnan 
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/CompressionController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/DeflateFilter.cs
test/tools/WebListener/GzipFilter.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Steve Lee 
assets/README.md

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
test/powershell/engine/Job/Jobs.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersRemoting/HelpersRemoting.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersRemoting/HelpersRemoting.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
test/powershell/engine/Api/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.Tests.ps1

Author:Jeffrey Snover 
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CommonUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/en-US/PSReadline.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CertificateProviderStrings.resx
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSMan.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataAdapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsHelper.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/en-US/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsStrings.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.Format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.types.ps1xml
src/Schemas/PSMaml/Maml.tbr
src/Schemas/PSMaml/Maml_HTML.xsl
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CmdletizationCoreResources.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/CatalogTestFile1.mof

Author:Dongbo Wang 
PowerShell-Win.sln
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/AssemblyMetadataHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/.gitignore
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/createprocess.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/createprocess.h
test/powershell/Language/Classes/MSFT_778492.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/ProtectedAccess.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Break.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Exceptions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.MiscOps.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.NestedModules.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.enums.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/CompletionTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Ast.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/AutomaticVariables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/BNotOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Conversions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ExtensibleCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/MethodInvocation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingAssembly.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingNamespace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggingInHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/HashtableToPSCustomObjectConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/LineEndings.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandArguments.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeStreams.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemoteImportModule.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/New-WinEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ConstrainedLanguageRestriction.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/scriptdsc/scriptdsc.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Eventing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/TestCsv2.csv
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/UpdateFormatDataTests.format.ps1xml
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/AutomountSubstDrive.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/AutomountSubstDriveCore.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/AutomountVHDDrive.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/Pester.AutomountedDrives.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/ProviderIntrinsics.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/README.md
test/powershell/engine/Api/Serialization.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/Cdxml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/CimTest.cdxml
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/CreateCimTest.mof
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/DeleteCimTest.mof
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/NewModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/SubmodulePathInManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/BooleanParameterDCR.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/CimCmdletsResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/ConsoleHostResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/DotNetEventingResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/ManagementCommandsResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/SMAResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/SecurityResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/TestRunner.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/UtilityResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/WSManResources.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.Types.ps1xml
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psd1
test/tools/TestExe/TestExe.cs
test/tools/TestExe/TestExe.csproj
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Jeffrey Snover 
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resx

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/new-object.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Job/Jobs.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
.gitignore
PowerShell.Common.props
build.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/libpsl-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/arm.toolchain.cmake

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
demos/Azure/Azure-Demo.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalUser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/CatalogTestFile2.xml
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/Serialization.Tests.ps1
tools/credScan/suppress.json

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/string.tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/releaseBuild/.gitignore
tools/releaseBuild/Images/GenericLinuxFiles/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_centos7/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/DockerFile
tools/releaseBuild/Images/microsoft_powershell_windowsservercore/PowerShellPackage.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/build.json
tools/releaseBuild/vstsbuild.ps1
tools/releaseBuild/vstsbuild.sh

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemoteImportModule.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.gitattributes
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/.gitignore
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventDescriptor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProviderTraceListener.cs
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.psd1
src/System.Management.Automation/PowerShellProperties.json
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/BackgroundDispatcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverterMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwEventCorrelator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/IMethodInvoker.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/TestFileCatalog.txt
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/testablescript.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/CdxmlTest.psd1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/DelayController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Startup.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Registry.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
demos/Raspberry-Pi/README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CertificateProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/SecureString.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/Cdxml.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
.spelling
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/EncodingController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Encoding/Utf8.cshtml
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ConstrainedLanguageRestriction.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/ExtensibleCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ExtensibleCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
.spelling

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToHtmlActivity.cs

Author:Jonas Andersen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ServiceResources.resx
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PInvokeDllNames.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/Modules/Shared/Pester

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/host-powershell/README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ConstrainedLanguageRestriction.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/CimCmdletsResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/WSManResources.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
.gitignore
PowerShell-Win.sln
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/Cdxml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/CimTest.cdxml
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/CreateCimTest.mof

Author:Sarith Sutha 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/TestRunner.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
src/ResGen/ResGen.csproj
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.csproj
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.tests.csproj
test/csharp/csharp.tests.csproj
test/tools/TestExe/TestExe.csproj

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/RedirectController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Startup.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Redirect/Index.cshtml

Author:Dan Travison 
test/powershell/Language/Operators/ComparisonOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessResources.resx
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/CimCmdletsResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/ConsoleHostResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/DotNetEventingResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/ManagementCommandsResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/SMAResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/SecurityResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/TestRunner.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/UtilityResources.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ResourceValidation/WSManResources.Tests.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Jonas Andersen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1

Author:Lucas Spits 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ServiceResources.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1

Author:bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/string.tests.ps1

Author:bergmeister 
build.psm1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/dev-process/coding-guidelines.md

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/failingTests/fail.tests.ps1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/ControlService.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemoteGetModule.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersRemoting/HelpersRemoting.psm1

Author:Mike Richmond 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
docker/release/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1

Author:Dan Travison 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
.spelling
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/MultipartController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Multipart/Index.cshtml

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/engine/Api/ProxyCommand.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/TestWSMan.Tests.ps1

Author:Littlejohn 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertHTMLStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToHtmlActivity.cs
src/Modules/Shared/Pester
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
build.sh
src/libpsl-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/arm.toolchain.cmake
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AutomationExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/StaticParameterBinder.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.github/CODEOWNERS
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.spelling
docs/dev-process/coding-guidelines.md

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
test/powershell/Language/Operators/SplitOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:Sarith Sutha 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessResources.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
.spelling
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Constants.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/GetController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/resources/GetEventResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ManagementMshSnapInResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ServiceResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/Debugger.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/FormatAndOut_out_gridview.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImplicitRemotingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImportLocalizedDataStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/HostMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/resources/ScheduledJobErrorStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CertificateProviderStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/ExecutionPolicyCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SecurityMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/UtilsStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/resources/WsManResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AutomationExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CoreMshSnapinResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CredUI.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CredentialAttributeStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EventingResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpDisplayStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpErrors.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Metadata.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSnapInCmdletResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSnapinInfo.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PowerShellStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceInit.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspacePoolStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Serialization.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SuggestionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TypesXmlStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.gitignore
README.md
assets/powershell.1.ronn
build.psm1
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1
docs/learning-powershell/create-powershell-scripts.md
docs/maintainers/releasing.md
docs/testing-guidelines/TestRoadmap.md
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SpecialVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/CounterTestHelperFunctions.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/MOF-Compilation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/README.md
test/tools/Modules/HelpersLanguage/HelpersLanguage.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
.spelling
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.Format.ps1xml
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.Types.ps1xml
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psd1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Ilya 
PowerShell.Common.props
build.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Dan Travison 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/release/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.1/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CertificateProvider.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
README.md
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimClassCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePrompt.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/NativeWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/BasicEditing.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/NewJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SecureStringCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Interop.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/InvokeWSManAction.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/PingWSMan.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManConnections.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ILineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/ConsoleLineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInvoke.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/AddInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ArrayOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/BranchLabel.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DivInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicInstructionN.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicInstructions.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicSplatInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/EqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/FieldOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/GreaterThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ILightCallSiteBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Instruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionList.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InterpretedFrame.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Interpreter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LabelInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LessThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightDelegateCreator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambda.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambda.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambdaClosureVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LocalAccess.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LocalVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LoopCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/MulInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/NotEqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/NumericConvertInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/PowerShellInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/RuntimeVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/StackOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/SubInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/TypeOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/DebugViewWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/RemoveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/MutableTuple.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/AliasProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FunctionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SessionStateProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/HashtableToPSCustomObjectConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OutErrorVariable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/CounterTestHelperFunctions.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pop-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/TypeInference.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/maintainers/README.md
docs/maintainers/pull-request-process.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1

Author:Kory Gill 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/resources/GetEventResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/EventlogResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImplicitRemotingStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AutomationExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DebuggerStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/Verbs.cs

Author:Michael Klement 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Michael Klement 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Credential.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1

Author:Chuck Lu 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/tools/Modules/HelpersLanguage/HelpersLanguage.psm1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
.spelling
build.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/ClientCert.pfx
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/ServerCert.pfx
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psd1
test/tools/Modules/WebListener/WebListener.psm1
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/CertController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Controllers/HomeController.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Models/ErrorViewModel.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Program.cs
test/tools/WebListener/README.md
test/tools/WebListener/Startup.cs
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Home/Index.cshtml
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Shared/Error.cshtml
test/tools/WebListener/Views/Shared/_Layout.cshtml
test/tools/WebListener/Views/_ViewImports.cshtml
test/tools/WebListener/Views/_ViewStart.cshtml
test/tools/WebListener/WebListener.csproj
test/tools/WebListener/appsettings.Development.json
test/tools/WebListener/appsettings.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
docs/maintainers/releasing.md
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
test/powershell/engine/Module/TestModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/assets/testmodulerunspace/ModuleWithDependencies2/2.0/ModuleWithDependencies2.psd1
test/powershell/engine/Module/assets/testmodulerunspace/NestedRequiredModule1/2.5/NestedRequiredModule1.psd1
test/powershell/engine/Module/assets/testmodulerunspace/NestedRequiredModule1/2.5/NestedRequiredModule1.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
test/powershell/engine/COM/COM.Basic.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
src/powershell-win-core/Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/ModulePath.Tests.ps1

Author:Stellios W 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md

Author:Mike Richmond 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.1/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Darwin 
tools/install-powershell.sh
tools/installpsh-osx.sh

Author:Ilya 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/ContentHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psm1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/certificateCommon.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs
docs/installation/windows.md
test/powershell/Installer/WindowsInstaller.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psd1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
test/powershell/engine/COM/COM.Basic.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/ActivityGenerator.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimAssociatedInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimClassActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetPSWorkflowData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/InlineScript.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/InlineScriptDesigner.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/InvokeCimMethodActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/IsArgumentSet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimSessionOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/PSPersist.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/Pipeline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/PipelineDesigner.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/PowerShellValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/RemoveCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/SetCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/SetHostValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/ThrottledParallelForeach.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/WmiActivities.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/WorkflowJobConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Xamls/InlineScriptDesigner.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Xamls/PipelineDesigner.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/resources/ActivityResources.resx

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/DisablePSRemotingActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/DisablePSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/EnablePSRemotingActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/EnablePSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ForEachObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetCommandActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetModuleActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetPSSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/NewModuleManifestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/NewPSTransportOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ReceiveJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RegisterPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RemoveJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RemovePSSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ResumeJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SaveHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SetPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/StartJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/StopJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SuspendJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/TestModuleManifestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/TestPSSessionConfigurationFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/UnregisterPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/UpdateHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/WaitJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/WhereObjectActivity.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/ExportCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/GetCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/GetWinEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/ImportCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/NewWinEventActivity.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/CommonHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpParagraphBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpWindow.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpWindowSettings.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/ParagraphBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/ParagraphSearcher.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/SettingsDialog.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/AutomationTextBlock.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/AutomationTextBlockAutomationPeer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/BooleanBoxes.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/CommandHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/CustomTypeComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DataRoutedEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DateTimeApproximationComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DismissiblePopup.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DismissiblePopup.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ExtendedFrameworkElementAutomationPeer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/IAsyncProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/IStateDescriptorFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/IntegralConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/InverseBooleanConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/IsEqualConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/IsNotNullConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/KeyboardHelp.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizer.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizerItem.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizerItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/MessageTextBox.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/MessageTextBox.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PickerBase.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PickerBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PopupControlButton.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PopupControlButton.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PropertyChangedEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ReadOnlyObservableAsyncCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ScalableImage.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ScalableImage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ScalableImageSource.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ScalableImageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/StateDescriptor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/StringFormatConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/TextBlockService.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/TextBlockService.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/TextTrimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/Utilities.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/VisualToAncestorDataConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/WeakEventListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/WpfHelp.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/AutomationGroup.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/ExpanderButton.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/ExpanderButton.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/ExpanderButtonAutomationPeer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/Resizer.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/Resizer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/ResizerGripThicknessConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/UIElementAdorner.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/UIElementAdorner.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/DefaultFilterRuleCustomizationFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterEvaluator.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExceptionEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionAndOperatorNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionOperandNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionOrOperatorNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRuleCustomizationFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/ComparableValueFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/DoesNotEqualFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/EqualsFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/FilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/FilterRuleExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsBetweenFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsEmptyFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsGreaterThanFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsLessThanFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsNotEmptyFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsNotEmptyValidationRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/PropertiesTextContainsFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/PropertyValueSelectorFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/SelectorFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/SingleValueComparableValueFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextContainsFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextDoesNotContainFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextDoesNotEqualFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextEndsWithFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextEqualsFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextStartsWithFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterUtilities.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/IEvaluate.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/IFilterExpressionProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ItemsControlFilterEvaluator.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidatingSelectorValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidatingValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidatingValueBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidationRules/DataErrorInfoValidationResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidationRules/DataErrorInfoValidationRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/AddFilterRulePicker.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/AddFilterRulePicker.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/AddFilterRulePickerItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanel.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelContentPresenter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelController.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelItemType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRuleTemplateSelector.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRuleToDisplayNameConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/InputFieldBackgroundTextConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/IsValidatingValueValidConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/SearchBox.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/SearchBox.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/SearchTextParseResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/SearchTextParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/ValidatingSelectorValueToDisplayNameConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/ValidatingValueToGenericParameterTypeConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ColumnPicker.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/DefaultStringConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/IPropertyValueGetter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/InnerList.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/InnerListColumn.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/InnerListGridView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/Innerlist.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementList.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementListStateDescriptor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementListStateDescriptorFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementListTitle.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementListTitle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/PropertyValueComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/PropertyValueGetter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/UIPropertyGroupDescription.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ViewGroupToStringConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/WaitRing.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/innerlistcolumn.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/managementlist.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/AllModulesControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/CmdletControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ImageButton/ImageButton.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ImageButton/ImageButtonBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ImageButton/ImageButtonTooltipConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ImageButton/ImageToggleButton.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/MultipleSelectionControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/NotImportedCmdletControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ParameterSetControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ShowModuleControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ShowCommandSettings.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/AllModulesViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/CommandEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/CommandViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/HelpNeededEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ImportModuleEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ModuleViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ParameterSetViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ParameterViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Windows/MultipleSelectionDialog.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Windows/ShowAllModulesWindow.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Windows/ShowCommandWindow.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/HelpWindowHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/ShowCommandHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/outgridview.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/GraphicalHostResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/HelpWindowResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/InvariantResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/ShowCommandResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/UICultureResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/XamlLocalizableResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/AllModulesControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/CmdletControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ColumnPicker.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/HelpWindow.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ImageButton.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ImageButtonCommon.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ImageToggleButton.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/MultipleSelectionControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/MultipleSelectionDialog.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/NotImportedCmdletControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ParameterSetControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/SettingsDialog.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ShowAllModulesWindow.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ShowCommandWindow.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ShowModuleControl.xaml

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/AddComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/AddContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CheckpointComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearRecycleBinActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ConvertPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CopyItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CopyItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/DisableComputerRestoreActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/EnableComputerRestoreActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetChildItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetComputerRestorePointActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetHotFixActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemPropertyValueActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetLocationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetPSDriveActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetPSProviderActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/InvokeItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/JoinPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/LimitEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/MoveItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/MoveItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWebServiceProxyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RegisterWmiEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveWmiObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResetComputerMachinePasswordActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResolvePathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RestartServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RestoreComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResumeServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWmiInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SplitPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StartProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StartServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SuspendServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestComputerSecureChannelActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestConnectionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/WaitProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/WriteEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/RestartComputerActivity.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromSecureStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ConvertToSecureStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetAclActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetAuthenticodeSignatureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetCmsMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetExecutionPolicyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetPfxCertificateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ProtectCmsMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetAclActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetAuthenticodeSignatureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetExecutionPolicyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/UnprotectCmsMessageActivity.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/AddMemberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/AddTypeActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/CompareObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromJsonActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromStringDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToHtmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToJsonActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToXmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportClixmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportFormatDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetCultureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetDateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetEventSubscriberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetHostActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetMemberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetRandomActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetTraceSourceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetTypeDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetUICultureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetUniqueActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GroupObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ImportClixmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ImportCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeExpressionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeRestMethodActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeWebRequestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/MeasureCommandActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/MeasureObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/NewEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/NewTimeSpanActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutPrinterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RegisterEngineEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RegisterObjectEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RemoveEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectXmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SendMailMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SetDateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SetTraceSourceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SortObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/StartSleepActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/TeeObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UnblockFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UnregisterEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UpdateListActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WaitEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteDebugActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteErrorActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteInformationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteOutputActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteProgressActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteVerboseActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteWarningActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/ImportLocalizedDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/resources/GeneratedActivitiesResources.resx

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityCategories.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityHostManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityHostProcess.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ConnectionManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/DefaultWorkflowSessionConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/DefinitionCache.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/AsyncResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/FileInstanceStore.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/InstanceStoreCryptography.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/InstanceStorePermission.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/TypedAsyncResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/TypedCompletedAsyncResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/WorkflowAdditionalStores.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/GlobalConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ImportWorkflowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/LocalRunspaceProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/NewPSWorkflowExecutionOptionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityHostManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSCleanupActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSRemotingActivitiesBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSSelfRemotingActivitiesBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSWorkflowHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PowerShellWorkflowHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/RuntimeBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/TimeBasedCache.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowDebugger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJob2.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJobSourceAdapter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowMetadatas.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowPerformanceCounterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowRuntimeCompilation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowStatusEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowTimers.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowTrackingParticipant.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowValidation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/resources/Resources.resx

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/ConnectWSManActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/DisableWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/DisconnectWSManActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/EnableWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/GetWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/GetWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/InvokeWSManActionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWSManSessionOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWSManQuickConfigActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/TestWSManActivity.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
PowerShell.Common.props
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
test/Test.Common.props

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/Cdxml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/CdxmlTest.psd1
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/CimTest.cdxml
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/CreateCimTest.mof
test/powershell/engine/Cdxml/assets/CimTest/DeleteCimTest.mof

Author:Dan Travison 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/HtmlWebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1

Author:Maria Romero 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Xml.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
docs/building/internals.md
docs/installation/windows.md
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CODEOWNERS

Author:Kirk Munro 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CODEOWNERS

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Unblock-File.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/engine/Api/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/InitialSessionState.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/assets/TestTypeFile.ps1xml
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/PropertyAccessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Job/Jobs.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/README.md
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
build.psm1
docs/building/windows-core.md
docs/building/windows-full.md
docs/dev-process/map-json-files.md
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/map.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/map.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/map.json
src/Modules/map.json
src/Schemas/map.json
src/System.Management.Automation/map.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/map.json
src/powershell-native/map.json
src/signing/map.json
test/map.json
test/powershell/Language/map.json
test/powershell/Modules/map.json

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManHelper.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/packaging/project/package.csproj
tools/packaging/project/powershell.nuspec

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/PSSessionConfiguration.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/installpsh-osx.sh

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProcessCodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Win32Native.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Mark Kraus 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Joey Aiello 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Darwin 
docker/release/amazonlinux/Dockerfile
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeException.cs

Author:Oisin Grehan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/New-WinEvent.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Andrew 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ResourceManagerCache.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/UpdateFormatDataTests.format.ps1xml

Author:Mathias R. Jessen 
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1

Author:Zachary Alexander 
docs/maintainers/pull-request-process.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Mark Kraus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
.spelling
docs/maintainers/README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.1/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj

Author:David Christian 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Metadata.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MetadataExceptions.cs
test/powershell/engine/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs

Author:jeffbi 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Registry.Tests.ps1

Author:jeffbi 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PInvokeDllNames.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.gitignore
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/packaging/.gitignore
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/packaging/project/package.csproj
tools/packaging/project/powershell.nuspec
tools/travis.ps1

Author:jeffbi 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Darwin 
tools/install-powershell.sh
tools/installpsh-redhat.sh

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
Author:Steve Lee [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
.spelling
docs/maintainers/README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Utils.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimIndicationWatcher.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhSafeHandle.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Native.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/PInvokeDllNames.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/HistoryQueue.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-QuickConfig.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ILineOutput.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameter.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CurrentConfigurations.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/FileSystem_format_ps1xml.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComAdapter.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/ExtensibleCompletion.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionFactory.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicInstructionN.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionFactory.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Sam.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComMethod.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Sam.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProgressRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ChoiceDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHostEncoder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Native.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Sam.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Sam.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Group-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs

Author:SteveL-MSFT 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx

Author:SteveL-MSFT 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:SteveL-MSFT 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
test/powershell/engine/Attributes.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.strings.psd1

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Travis Plunk 
appveyor.yml

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
.travis.yml
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1
tools/install-powershell-readme.md
tools/install-powershell.sh
tools/installpsh-debian.sh
tools/installpsh-osx.sh
tools/installpsh-redhat.sh
tools/installpsh-suse.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Array.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
docs/maintainers/releasing.md
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/packaging/packaging.psd1
tools/packaging/packaging.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/maintainers/README.md

Author:bergmeister 
build.psm1
demos/Apache/Apache/Apache.psm1
demos/Apache/apache-demo.ps1
demos/Azure/Azure-Demo.ps1
demos/SystemD/journalctl-demo.ps1
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/ShowCommandHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/SamplePSReadlineProfile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ImportWorkflowCommand.cs
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataAdapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsHelper.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataV4Adapter.ps1
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/HelpV3_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Help_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypesV3_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/docker/networktest/DockerRemoting.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.MiscOps.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.NestedModules.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ActionPreference.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CheckRestrictedlanguage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggingInHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Dynamicparameters.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeStreams.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OutErrorVariable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Job.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/TestGetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroupMember.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalUser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.NoNewlineParameter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AclCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/certificateCommon.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/RunspaceCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Send-MailMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/alias.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/command.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/InitialSessionState.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/TestModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/InvokeCommandRemoteDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RoleCapabilityFiles.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingAPI.Tests.ps1
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersLanguage/HelpersLanguage.psm1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psm1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Xml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/XMLCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1

Author:DarwinJS 
tools/install-powershell-readme.md

Author:DarwinJS 
tools/install-powershell.sh
tools/installpsh-debian.sh
tools/installpsh-osx.sh
tools/installpsh-redhat.sh
tools/installpsh-suse.sh

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.psd1
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroupMember.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalUser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics.csproj
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Export-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/HelpURI/V2Cmdlets.csv

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/tests/README.md
docker/tests/container.tests.ps1
docker/tests/containerTestCommon.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/engine/Basic/Assembly.LoadFrom.ps1

Author:Matt Wrock 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1

Author:Kirk Munro 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs

Author:bergmeister 
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ClassOps.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.StaticMethod.Tests.ps1

Author:Joey Aiello 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
docker/README.md

Author:David Christian 
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/corruptedcim.clixml
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Metadata.resx
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.travis.yml
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
appveyor.yml
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.1/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
docker/README.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/Modules/Shared/Pester

Author:Travis Plunk 
docs/maintainers/README.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docs/dev-process/breaking-change-contract.md

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Language/Operators/ComparisonOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs

Author:Oisin Grehan 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/README.md
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver-insider/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse13.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.1/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
README.md

Author:jeffbi 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
.spelling
docs/testing-guidelines/CodeCoverageAnalysis.md

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
src/powershell-win-core/Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Default.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/ModulePath.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
README.md
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/TestModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs

Author:Keith Hill 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHash.cs

Author:jeffbi 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FileSystemProviderStrings.resx
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/getinodedata.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getinodedata.h
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Tim Curwick 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.RunPath.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Serialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowRuntimeCompilation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSSessionConfigurationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:zackschuster 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
PowerShell.Common.props
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/ResGen/ResGen.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.csproj
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
test/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.tests.csproj
test/Test.Common.props
test/csharp/csharp.tests.csproj
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/TestExe/TestExe.csproj

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx

Author:Ilya 
PowerShell.Common.props
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Andrew 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
test/powershell/engine/Module/SubmodulePathInManifest.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs

Author:Wojciech Sciesinski 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Host/assets/Read-Host.Output.expect

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs

Author:Keith Hill 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parsing.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs

Author:Andrew 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
test/powershell/engine/Module/NewModuleManifest.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/ResGen/Program.cs

Author:mrpnkt 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Maria Romero 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ExportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/resources/GetEventResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/resources/GetEventResources.txt
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Export-Counter.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
PowerShellCommon.props
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Ilya 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md

Author:jeffbi 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Move-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
PowerShellCommon.props
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/resources/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.Strings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/resources/ActivityResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/resources/GetEventResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ClearRecycleBinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ClipboardResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/CmdletizationResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerInfoResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ControlPanelResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/EventlogResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/HotFixResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ManagementMshSnapInResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/NavigationResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessCommandHelpResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ServiceResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/TimeZoneResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/TransactionResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/WebServiceResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/WmiResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AddMember.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AddTypeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AliasCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertFromStringData.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertFromStringResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertStringResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/CsvCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/Debugger.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/EventingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/FlashExtractStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/FormatAndOut_out_gridview.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetMember.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetRandomCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetUptimeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/HostStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/HttpCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImmutableStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImplicitRemotingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImportLocalizedDataStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/MatchStringStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/MeasureObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/NewObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/OutPrinterDisplayStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SelectObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SendMailMessageStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SortObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/TraceCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UpdateDataStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UpdateListStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityCommonStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/VariableCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WriteErrorStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WriteProgressResourceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleControlStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurityResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/HostMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ProgressNodeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/TranscriptStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/resources/DotNetEventingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/GraphicalHostResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/HelpWindowResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/InvariantResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/ShowCommandResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/UICultureResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/XamlLocalizableResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/resources/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.Strings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/resources/ScheduledJobErrorStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CertificateCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CertificateProviderStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CmsCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/ExecutionPolicyCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SecureStringCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SecurityMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SignatureCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/UtilsStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/resources/GeneratedActivitiesResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/resources/Resources.resx
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/resources/WsManResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Authenticode.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AuthorizationManagerBase.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AutomationExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CatalogStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CmdletizationCoreResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CommandBaseStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CoreClrStubResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CoreMshSnapinResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CredUI.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Credential.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CredentialAttributeStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DebuggerStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DescriptionsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ErrorCategoryStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ErrorPackage.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ErrorPackageRemoting.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EtwLoggingStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EventingResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ExtendedTypeSystem.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/GetErrorText.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpDisplayStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpErrors.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HistoryStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Logging.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Metadata.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MiniShellErrors.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSignature.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSnapInCmdletResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSnapinInfo.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/NativeCP.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSDataBufferStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSListModifierStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParameterBinderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PathUtilsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PipelineStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PowerShellStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProgressRecordStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProviderBaseSecurity.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProxyCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RegistryProviderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceInit.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspacePoolStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SecuritySupportStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Serialization.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SuggestionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TabCompletionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TransactionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TypesXmlStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/WildcardPatternStrings.resx

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeInferenceVisitor.cs
test/powershell/engine/Api/TypeInference.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/host-powershell/README.md
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.3/MyApp/MyApp.csproj
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.3/MyApp/Program.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.3/NuGet.config

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Host.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs

Author:Ilya 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Telemetry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdateHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/FormatAndTypeDataHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
appveyor.yml
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.1/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
docker/README.md
docker/launch.sh
docker/nightly/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1

Author:jeffbi 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Send-MailMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1

Author:Tadas Medisauskas 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dan Travison 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
license_thirdparty_proprietary.txt
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/createprocess.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/createprocess.h

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandArguments.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeStreams.Tests.ps1
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/CreateChildProcess.cs
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/CreateChildProcess.csproj
test/tools/EchoArgs/EchoArgs.cs
test/tools/TestExe/TestExe.cs
test/tools/TestExe/TestExe.csproj

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CssMainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.cpp

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.enums.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Debug-Runspace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs

Author:Steve Campbell 
README.md
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ClassOps.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.MiscOps.Tests.ps1

Author:jeffbi 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1

Author:SRGOM 
.spelling
README.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
.gitignore
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeInferenceVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellExecutionHelper.cs
test/powershell/engine/Api/TypeInference.Tests.ps1

Author:Joey Aiello 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Michael Klement 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/resources/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.Strings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ClearRecycleBinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ClipboardResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerInfoResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ControlPanelResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/EventlogResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/HotFixResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ManagementMshSnapInResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/NavigationResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessCommandHelpResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ServiceResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/TimeZoneResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/TransactionResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/WebServiceResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/WmiResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AddMember.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AddTypeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AliasCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertFromStringData.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertFromStringResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertStringResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/CsvCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/Debugger.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/EventingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/FlashExtractStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/FormatAndOut_out_gridview.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetMember.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetRandomCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetUptimeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/HostStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/HttpCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImmutableStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImplicitRemotingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImportLocalizedDataStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/MatchStringStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/MeasureObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/NewObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/OutPrinterDisplayStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SelectObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SendMailMessageStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SortObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/TraceCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UpdateDataStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UpdateListStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityCommonStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/VariableCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WriteErrorStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WriteProgressResourceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleControlStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurityResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/HostMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ProgressNodeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/TranscriptStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/resources/DotNetEventingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/GraphicalHostResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/HelpWindowResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/InvariantResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/ShowCommandResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/UICultureResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/XamlLocalizableResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/resources/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.Strings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/resources/ScheduledJobErrorStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CertificateCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CertificateProviderStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CmsCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/ExecutionPolicyCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SecureStringCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SecurityMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SignatureCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/resources/GeneratedActivitiesResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/resources/Resources.resx
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/resources/WsManResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Authenticode.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AuthorizationManagerBase.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CatalogStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CommandBaseStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CoreClrStubResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CoreMshSnapinResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CredUI.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Credential.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CredentialAttributeStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DebuggerStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DescriptionsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ErrorPackage.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ErrorPackageRemoting.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EtwLoggingStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EventingResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ExtendedTypeSystem.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/GetErrorText.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpDisplayStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpErrors.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HistoryStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Logging.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MiniShellErrors.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSignature.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSnapInCmdletResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSnapinInfo.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/NativeCP.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSDataBufferStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSListModifierStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParameterBinderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PathUtilsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PipelineStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PowerShellStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProgressRecordStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProviderBaseSecurity.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProxyCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RegistryProviderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceInit.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspacePoolStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SecuritySupportStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Serialization.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SuggestionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TransactionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TypesXmlStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/WildcardPatternStrings.resx

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/EnumWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdateHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.cs
src/powershell/Program.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Andrew 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Keith Hill 
.vscode/launch.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
appveyor.yml
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.1/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocolimplementation.cs
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
build.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs

Author:jeffbi 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-hex/Format-Hex.cs
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Default-Aliases.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/DefaultCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CertificateProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/certificateCommon.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx

Author:Joey Aiello 
README.md

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Job.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HttpListener/HttpListener.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Schemas/PSMaml/Maml.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/endUser.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/faq.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/glossary.xsd
src/System.Management.Automation/help/FaqHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/FaqHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GeneralHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GeneralHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GlossaryHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GlossaryHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.NestedModules.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.enums.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingNamespace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Job.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/NewModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/TestModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersCommon/HelpersCommon.psm1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersHostCS/HelpersHostCS.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersHostCS/HelpersHostCS.psm1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersLanguage/HelpersLanguage.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersLanguage/HelpersLanguage.psm1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersRemoting/HelpersRemoting.psd1
test/tools/Modules/HelpersRemoting/HelpersRemoting.psm1
test/tools/Modules/TestHostCS/TestHostCS.psd1
test/tools/Modules/TestRemoting/TestRemoting.psd1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Michael Klement 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
test/powershell/engine/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1

Author:jeffbi 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
docs/host-powershell/README.md
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.1/Logic/Logic.csproj
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.1/Logic/UseRunspace.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.1/MyApp/MyApp.csproj
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.1/MyApp/Program.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet2.0-powershell.beta.1/NuGet.config

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Unimplemented-Cmdlet.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Default-Aliases.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Joey Aiello 
.spelling
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.1/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Andrew 
README.md
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.markdownlint.json
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
test/powershell/engine/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1

Author:Dmitrii Evdokimov 
docs/learning-powershell/README.md

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.sh

Author:jeffbi 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FileSystemProviderStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs

Author:jeffbi 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Interop.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:jeffbi 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
README.md

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Mike Richmond 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Metadata.resx
test/powershell/engine/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ScriptWriter.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Bruce Payette 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeUnixGlobbing.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
test/powershell/engine/Module/TestModuleManifest.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:jeffbi 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FileSystemProviderStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
.gitignore
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Telemetry.cs
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs

Author:Lee Spottiswood 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingAPI.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
test/powershell/engine/Module/NewModuleManifest.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/TestModuleManifest.Tests.ps1

Author:David Christian 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.Tests.ps1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/TabCompletion.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Metadata.resx
test/powershell/engine/ValidateAttributes.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/docker/networktest/DockerRemoting.Tests.ps1
test/docker/networktest/Dockerfile
test/docker/networktest/New-DockerTestBuild.ps1

Author:jeffbi 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/issamefilesystemitem.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/issamefilesystemitem.h
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Host/assets/Read-Host.Output.expect

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
build.psm1
docs/building/internals.md
docs/building/macos.md
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.travis.yml
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CoreCLR/Stubs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/CimJobException.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimChildJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AddTypeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Exceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/README.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/certificateproviderexceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime.csproj
src/ResGen/ResGen.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ScriptWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtendedTypeSystemException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExternalScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ScriptAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSecurityException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProcessCodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateSecurityDescriptorInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariablePath.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePool.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Interpreter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambdaClosureVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/RuntimeVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/AstVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/regex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobSourceAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingErrorRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSSessionConfigurationTypeOption.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetNativeApi.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCategoryInvalidException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpNotFoundException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationAttributeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Buffer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/EnvironmentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeRegistryHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Win32Native.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandDiscoveryExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandProcessorExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExecutionExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/HostInterfacesExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MetadataExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentNullException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentOutOfRangeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshInvalidOperationException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotImplementedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotSupportedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshObjectDisposedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParameterBinderExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParserException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/RuntimeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/assert.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.csproj
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
test/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.tests.csproj
test/csharp/csharp.tests.csproj
test/csharp/test_CorePsExtensions.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ConstrainedLanguageMode.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/InvokeCommandRemoteDebug.Tests.ps1
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/CreateChildProcess.csproj
test/tools/EchoArgs/EchoArgs.csproj
test/tools/Modules/TestHostCS/TestHostCS.psm1

Author:jeffbi 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:George Chakhidze 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/MainEntry.cpp

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimPromptUser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CoreCLR/Stubs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizer.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizerItem.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PickerBase.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/Resizer.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/PropertyValueComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/GlobalConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/NewPSWorkflowExecutionOptionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PowerShellWorkflowHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowValidation.cs
src/ResGen/Program.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/DotNetTypes_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/KnownMITypes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypesV3_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-hex/Format-Hex.cs

Author:probonopd 
tools/appimage.sh

Author:Travis Plunk 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/windows-core.md
docs/community/governance.md
docs/dev-process/breaking-change-contract.md
docs/dev-process/map-json-files.md
docs/git/submodules.md
docs/host-powershell/README.md
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md
docs/maintainers/README.md
docs/maintainers/releasing.md
docs/testing-guidelines/TestRoadmap.md
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Chris Dent 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/nightly/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse13.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.1/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile

Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
appveyor.yml
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse13.2/Dockerfile
docker/release/opensuse42.1/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PInvokeDllNames.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
README.md
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/LanguageTestSupport.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj

Author:Rune Darrud 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:PetSerAl 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Default.Tests.ps1

Author:Rune Darrud 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebRequestPSCmdlet.FullClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
docs/FAQ.md
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Default-Aliases.Tests.ps1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
build.psm1
test/powershell/Host/HostUtilities.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/InvokeCommandRemoteDebug.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/TestHostCS/TestHostCS.psd1
test/tools/Modules/TestRemoting/TestRemoting.psd1
test/tools/Modules/TestRemoting/TestRemoting.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
README.md
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
global.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
.markdownlint.json
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
build.psm1
docker/README.md
docs/community/governance.md
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/installation/windows.md
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/en-US/PSReadline.md
test/common/markdown/gulpfile.js
test/common/markdown/markdown.tests.ps1
test/common/markdown/package.json

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/macos.md
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Rune Darrud 
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md

Author:Ilya 
build.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Host.Tests.ps1
test/tools/Modules/TestHostCS/TestHostCS.psd1
test/tools/Modules/TestHostCS/TestHostCS.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
docs/cmdlet-example/README.md
docs/host-powershell/README.md
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet1.1/Logic/Logic.csproj
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet1.1/Logic/UseRunspace.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet1.1/MyApp/MyApp.csproj
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet1.1/MyApp/Program.cs
docs/host-powershell/sample-dotnet1.1/NuGet.config

Author:ewhitesides 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/vs-csproj/System.Management.Automation.csproj

Author:ScriptAutomate 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
build.sh
docs/cmdlet-example/NuGet.config
docs/cmdlet-example/SendGreeting.Tests.ps1
docs/cmdlet-example/SendGreeting.cs
docs/cmdlet-example/project.json
powershell.sln
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.csproj
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime.csproj
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/project.json
src/ResGen/ResGen.csproj
src/ResGen/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.csproj
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/powershell-unix.csproj
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/powershell-win-core.csproj
src/powershell-win-core/project.json
src/powershell-win-full/.gitignore
src/powershell-win-full/project.json
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/vs-csproj/PSReadLine.csproj
src/vs-csproj/powershell.csproj
test/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.tests.csproj
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/csharp.tests.csproj
test/csharp/project.json
test/powershell/Common/TestHostCS.psm1
test/powershell/SDK/CmdletExample.Tests.ps1
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/CreateChildProcess.csproj
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/project.json
test/tools/EchoArgs/EchoArgs.csproj
test/tools/EchoArgs/project.json
test/vs-csproj/TestPSReadLine.csproj
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderContext.cs
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1

Author:Jeff Bienstadt 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
docker/release/opensuse42.1/Dockerfile
src/ResGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/project.json
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/project.json
test/tools/EchoArgs/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Archive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/SamplePreCreatedArchive.archive

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/ArchiveResources.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1

Author:Jason Werry 
docs/dev-process/map-json-files.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
.spelling
README.md
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Steve Lee 
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1

Author:Maria 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-hex/Format-Hex.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityCommonStrings.resx
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ScriptAnalysis.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs

Author:jeffbi 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Conversions.Tests.ps1

Author:Christopher Ubben 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/resources/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.Strings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/resources/ActivityResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/resources/GetEventResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ClearRecycleBinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ClipboardResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/CmdletizationResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerInfoResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ControlPanelResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/EventlogResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/HotFixResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ManagementMshSnapInResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/NavigationResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessCommandHelpResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ServiceResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/TimeZoneResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/TransactionResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/WebServiceResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/WmiResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AddMember.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AddTypeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AliasCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertFromStringData.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertFromStringResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertStringResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/CsvCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/Debugger.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/EventingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/FlashExtractStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/FormatAndOut_out_gridview.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetMember.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetRandomCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetUptimeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/HostStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/HttpCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImmutableStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImplicitRemotingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImportLocalizedDataStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/MatchStringStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/MeasureObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/NewObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/OutPrinterDisplayStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SelectObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SendMailMessageStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SortObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/TraceCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UpdateDataStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UpdateListStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityCommonStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/VariableCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WriteErrorStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WriteProgressResourceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleControlStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurityResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/HostMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ProgressNodeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/TranscriptStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/resources/DotNetEventingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/GraphicalHostResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/HelpWindowResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/InvariantResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/ShowCommandResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/UICultureResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/XamlLocalizableResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/resources/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.Strings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/resources/ScheduledJobErrorStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CertificateCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CertificateProviderStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CmsCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/ExecutionPolicyCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SecureStringCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SecurityMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SignatureCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/UtilsStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/resources/GeneratedActivitiesResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/resources/Resources.resx
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/resources/WsManResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Authenticode.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AuthorizationManagerBase.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AutomationExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CatalogStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CmdletizationCoreResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CommandBaseStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CoreClrStubResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CoreMshSnapinResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CredUI.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Credential.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CredentialAttributeStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DebuggerStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DescriptionsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ErrorCategoryStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ErrorPackage.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ErrorPackageRemoting.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EtwLoggingStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EventingResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ExtendedTypeSystem.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FileSystemProviderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/GetErrorText.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpDisplayStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpErrors.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HistoryStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Logging.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Metadata.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MiniShellErrors.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSignature.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSnapInCmdletResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSnapinInfo.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/NativeCP.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSDataBufferStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSListModifierStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParameterBinderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PathUtilsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PipelineStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PowerShellStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProgressRecordStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProviderBaseSecurity.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProxyCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RegistryProviderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceInit.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspacePoolStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SecuritySupportStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Serialization.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SuggestionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TabCompletionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TransactionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TypesXmlStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/WildcardPatternStrings.resx

Author:Travis Plunk 
README.md
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
assets/powershell.1.ronn
build.psm1
demos/Azure/Azure-Demo.ps1
docs/cmdlet-example/README.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/WorkflowJobConverter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.NestedModules.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Archive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/MOF-Compilation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/CommandDiscovery.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/ModulePath.Tests.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/download.sh

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
docker/release/opensuse13.2/Dockerfile

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
appveyor.yml
demos/Azure/README.md
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/InvokeCommandRemoteDebug.Tests.ps1

Author:charub 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Sam.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalUser.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew 
test/powershell/Provider/Pester.AutomountedDrives.Tests.ps1

Author:Kevin Marquette 
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetEvent_Types_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypesV3_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/map.json
src/vs-csproj/System.Management.Automation.csproj

Author:jeffbi 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
src/ResGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/project.json
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/project.json
test/tools/EchoArgs/project.json

Author:Steve Lee 
README.md

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/InvokeCommandRemoteDebug.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
test/powershell/Provider/AutomountSubstDrive.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/AutomountSubstDriveCore.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/AutomountVHDDrive.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/Pester.AutomountedDrives.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Allen 
src/powershell-unix/project.json

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProcessCodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/getppid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getppid.h
src/vs-csproj/System.Management.Automation.csproj
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Kevin Marquette 
build.psm1

Author:Lee303 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeRestMethodCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeWebRequestCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebRequestPSCmdlet.FullClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Keith Hill 
.spelling
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md
docs/learning-powershell/vscode.png

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Nicholas Willard 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx

Author:Steve Lee 
.spelling
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:probonopd 
tools/appimage.sh

Author:Kyle Sferrazza 
README.md
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:PetSerAl 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/map.json
src/vs-csproj/System.Management.Automation.csproj
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/typedata.tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CmsCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/CmsMessage.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx
test/powershell/engine/Module/TestModuleManifest.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/throttlemanager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/InvokeCommandRemoteDebug.Tests.ps1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx

Author:PetSerAl 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
test/powershell/engine/Api/LanguagePrimitive.Tests.ps1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportPowerShellDataFile.cs
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/PowerShellData.tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Kitt Holland 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Jeffrey Snover 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Conversions.Tests.ps1

Author:jeffbi 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Job.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
Author:noahleigh 
docs/learning-powershell/create-powershell-scripts.md

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
assets/AppImageThirdPartyNotices.txt
tools/appimage.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
build.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:probonopd 
.spelling
README.md
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:probonopd 
license_thirdparty_proprietary.txt
tools/appimage.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
test/powershell/engine/Api/GetNewClosure.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/powershell/Common/TestTypeFile.ps1xml
test/powershell/engine/InitialSessionState.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
appveyor.yml
demos/Azure/README.md
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Exceptions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Interop/DotNet/DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/LanguageTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Ast.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/BNotOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ActionPreference.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OutErrorVariable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Job.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Push-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AclCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Culture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-EventSubscriber.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-RunspaceDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-UICulture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Uptime.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Group-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewGuid.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewTemporaryFile.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-EngineEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-ObjectEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingAPI.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Language/LanguageTestSupport.psm1

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Common/TestHostCS.psm1
test/powershell/Host/HostUtilities.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Host.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RoleCapabilityFiles.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.enums.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parsing.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Gaspar 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ExtensibleCompletion.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Archive.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.travis.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.travis.yml

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1

Author:jeffbi 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionList.cs

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.Format.ps1xml
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psd1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Ilya 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHash.cs
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Francisco Gamino 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderContext.cs
src/powershell-win-core/project.json
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
src/ResGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/project.json
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/project.json
test/tools/EchoArgs/project.json

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
README.md
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
codecov.yml
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
codecov.yml
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Noutlaw1 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
appveyor.yml

Author:Michael Elufimov 
README.md

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/PendingProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ComplexWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ListWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StringUtil.cs

Author:Joey Aiello 
build.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
.spelling

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
codecov.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Unblock-File.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Naadir Jeewa 
build.psm1
docker/nightly/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
src/ResGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/project.json
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/project.json
test/tools/EchoArgs/project.json

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
codecov.yml

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
README.md
appveyor.yml
demos/Azure/README.md
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:iSazonov 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Unblock-File.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
.travis.yml

Author:Jason Shirk 
build.psm1
nuget.config

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/FileSystem_format_ps1xml.cs

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
build.psm1
demos/Apache/Apache/Apache.psm1
demos/Azure/Azure-Demo.ps1
demos/DSC/dsc-demo.ps1
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.ps1xml
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psm1
demos/dsc.ps1
demos/powershellget/PowerShellGet.ps1
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimAsyncOperation.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimBaseAction.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCmdletModuleInitialize.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetAssociatedInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetCimClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimIndicationWatcher.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimInvokeCimMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimNewCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimPromptUser.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimRegisterCimIndication.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimRemoveCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimResultObserver.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionOperations.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSetCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteError.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteResultObject.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CmdletOperation.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimAssociatedInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimClassCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/InvokeCimMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RegisterCimIndicationCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RemoveCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RemoveCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/SetCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimAssociatedInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimClassActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetPSWorkflowData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/InvokeCimMethodActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimSessionOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/PowerShellValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/RemoveCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/SetCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/SetHostValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/ThrottledParallelForeach.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/WmiActivities.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/WorkflowJobConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Xamls/InlineScriptDesigner.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Xamls/PipelineDesigner.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CoreCLR/Stubs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSample.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ExportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/NewWinEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/TerminatingErrorTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimChildJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/clientSideQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/AddContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearRecycleBinCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CombinePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ConvertPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/MovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/NewPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughPropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PingPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemoveWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RenamePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WriteContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/singleshell/installer/MshManagementMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConsoleColorCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Csv.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerializationStrings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/DebugRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Disable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Enable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/EnableDisableRunspaceDebugCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/TableView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/WriteFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-object/format-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHostCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRandomCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUnique.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUptime.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetVerbCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/InvokeCommandCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewGuidCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTimeSpanCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ObjectCommandComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ReadConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/TimeExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-Data.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WaitEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/HtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/HttpKnownHeaderNames.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/HtmlWebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeRestMethodCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeWebRequestCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebRequestPSCmdlet.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Write-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteAliasCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteProgressCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/compare-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/sort-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/singleshell/installer/MshUtilityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostTranscript.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePrompt.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleTextWriter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Executor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/PendingProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Serialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StopTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/EngineInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/MshHostMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/DisablePSRemotingActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/DisablePSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/EnablePSRemotingActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/EnablePSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ForEachObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetCommandActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetModuleActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetPSSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/NewModuleManifestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/NewPSTransportOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ReceiveJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RegisterPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RemoveJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RemovePSSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ResumeJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SaveHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SetPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/StartJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/StopJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SuspendJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/TestModuleManifestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/TestPSSessionConfigurationFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/UnregisterPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/UpdateHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/WaitJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/WhereObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProviderTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/CoTaskMemSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/CoTaskMemUnicodeSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventBookmark.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventKeyword.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLevel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogException.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogInformation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogLink.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogPropertySelector.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogReader.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogRecord.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventMetadata.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventOpcode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventProperty.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventPropertyContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventRecord.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventTask.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/NativeWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/ProviderMetadata.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/ProviderMetadataCachedInformation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/Winmeta.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/UnsafeNativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/ExportCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/GetCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/GetWinEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/ImportCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/NewWinEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpParagraphBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpWindow.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/ParagraphBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/ParagraphSearcher.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/CustomTypeComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DataRoutedEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DateTimeApproximationComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DismissiblePopup.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DismissiblePopup.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/IAsyncProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/InverseBooleanConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizer.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizerItem.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizerItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/MessageTextBox.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/MessageTextBox.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PickerBase.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PopupControlButton.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PopupControlButton.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ReadOnlyObservableAsyncCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ScalableImage.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ScalableImage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ScalableImageSource.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/StringFormatConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/TextBlockService.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/TextBlockService.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/WpfHelp.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/ExpanderButton.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/Resizer.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/ResizerGripThicknessConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/UIElementAdorner.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/UIElementAdorner.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterEvaluator.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionAndOperatorNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionOperandNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionOrOperatorNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRuleCustomizationFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/ComparableValueFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/DoesNotEqualFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/EqualsFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/FilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsBetweenFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsEmptyFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsGreaterThanFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsLessThanFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsNotEmptyFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/PropertyValueSelectorFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/SingleValueComparableValueFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextContainsFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextDoesNotContainFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextDoesNotEqualFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextEndsWithFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextEqualsFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextStartsWithFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/IFilterExpressionProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidatingSelectorValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidatingValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidatingValueBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidationRules/DataErrorInfoValidationResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidationRules/DataErrorInfoValidationRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/AddFilterRulePicker.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/AddFilterRulePickerItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanel.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelController.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelItemType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRuleTemplateSelector.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/SearchBox.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/ValidatingSelectorValueToDisplayNameConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/ValidatingValueToGenericParameterTypeConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/DefaultStringConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/InnerList.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/InnerListColumn.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/InnerListGridView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/Innerlist.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementList.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementListTitle.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/PropertyValueComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/WaitRing.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/managementlist.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/AllModulesControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ImageButton/ImageButton.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ImageButton/ImageButtonTooltipConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ParameterSetControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ShowModuleControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ShowCommandSettings.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/AllModulesViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/CommandViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ModuleViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ParameterSetViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ParameterViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Windows/ShowAllModulesWindow.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/ShowCommandHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/outgridview.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/AllModulesControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ColumnPicker.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/HelpWindow.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ImageButton.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ImageButtonCommon.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ImageToggleButton.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/MultipleSelectionControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/MultipleSelectionDialog.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/NotImportedCmdletControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ParameterSetControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/SettingsDialog.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ShowAllModulesWindow.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ShowModuleControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/AddLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/DisableLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/EnableLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/NewLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/NewLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RenameLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RenameLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/SetLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/SetLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Extensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Native.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/NtStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/PInvokeDllNames.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Sam.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/SamApi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/AddComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/AddContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CheckpointComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearRecycleBinActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ConvertPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CopyItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CopyItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/DisableComputerRestoreActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/EnableComputerRestoreActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetChildItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetComputerRestorePointActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetHotFixActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemPropertyValueActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetLocationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetPSDriveActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetPSProviderActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/InvokeItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/JoinPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/LimitEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/MoveItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/MoveItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWebServiceProxyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RegisterWmiEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveWmiObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResetComputerMachinePasswordActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResolvePathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RestartServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RestoreComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResumeServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWmiInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SplitPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StartProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StartServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SuspendServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestComputerSecureChannelActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestConnectionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/WaitProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/WriteEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/RestartComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/BasicEditing.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/HistoryQueue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KillYank.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Options.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Replace.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/SamplePSReadlineProfile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobSourceAdapter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobStore.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobWTS.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/AddJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobDefinitionBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableDisableCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/NewJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RegisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RemoveJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SchedJobCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/ScheduledJobOptionCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/UnregisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CmsCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CredentialCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/ExecutionPolicyCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SecureStringCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/certificateproviderexceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/singleshell/installer/MshSecurityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/AddMemberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/AddTypeActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/CompareObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromJsonActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromStringDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToHtmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToJsonActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToXmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportClixmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportFormatDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetCultureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetDateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetEventSubscriberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetHostActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetMemberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetRandomActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetTraceSourceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetTypeDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetUICultureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetUniqueActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GroupObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ImportClixmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ImportCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeExpressionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeRestMethodActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeWebRequestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/MeasureCommandActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/MeasureObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/NewEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/NewTimeSpanActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutPrinterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RegisterEngineEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RegisterObjectEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RemoveEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectXmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SendMailMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SetDateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SetTraceSourceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SortObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/StartSleepActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/TeeObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UnblockFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UnregisterEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UpdateListActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WaitEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteDebugActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteErrorActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteInformationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteOutputActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteProgressActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteVerboseActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteWarningActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/ImportLocalizedDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityCategories.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityHostManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityHostProcess.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ConnectionManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/DefaultWorkflowSessionConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/AsyncResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/InstanceStoreCryptography.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/InstanceStorePermission.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/WorkflowAdditionalStores.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/GlobalConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/LocalRunspaceProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityHostManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSCleanupActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSRemotingActivitiesBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSSelfRemotingActivitiesBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSWorkflowHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PowerShellWorkflowHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/RuntimeBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/TimeBasedCache.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowDebugger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJob2.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJobSourceAdapter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowMetadatas.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowPerformanceCounterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowStatusEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowTimers.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowTrackingParticipant.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowValidation.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/ConnectWSManActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/DisableWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/DisconnectWSManActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/EnableWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/GetWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/GetWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/InvokeWSManActionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWSManSessionOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWSManQuickConfigActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/TestWSManActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CurrentConfigurations.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Interop.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/InvokeWSManAction.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/NewWSManSession.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/PingWSMan.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-QuickConfig.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManConnections.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/WSManSessionOption.cs
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSMan.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataAdapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsHelper.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataV4Adapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psm1
src/ResGen/Program.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ObjectModelWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/QueryBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ScriptWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/WildcardPatternToCimQueryParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/other/ciminstancetypeadapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ColumnWidthManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/FileSystem_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/HelpV3_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Help_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Views.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatGroupManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatMsgCtxManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjects.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjectsDeserializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ILineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ListWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputQueue.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameterAssociation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/ConsoleLineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-textInterface/OutTextInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AliasInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ApplicationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ArgumentTypeConverterAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ChildrenCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletFamilyProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSink.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinkProxy.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinksContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeAction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/NullArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Variant.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionExecutionHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/ExtensibleCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommonCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ConfigurationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ContentCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CultureVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EngineIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumExpressionEvaluator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumMinimumDisambiguation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtendedTypeSystemException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExternalScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FilterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FunctionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetEvent_Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ICommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ItemCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MergedCommandParameterMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MinishellParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleSpecification.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoveModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshReference.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSnapinQualifiedName.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NullString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSPowerShellPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/KnownMITypes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MITypeSerializationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetPromptingData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetSpecificMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PathInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Pipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PositionalCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProgressRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProxyCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/QuestionMarkVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ReflectionParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScopedItemSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityDescriptorCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SerializationStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateAliasAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCmdletAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDynamicProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateItem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateLocationAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateNavigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeEnumerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateSecurityDescriptorInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ShellVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SpecialVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/UserFeedbackParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableAttributeCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariablePath.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WinRT/IInspectable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WorkflowInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/cmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/Breakpoint.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/AsyncResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ChoiceDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/DefaultHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InformationalRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ListModifier.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Parameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInvoke.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePool.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/internalHostuserInterfacesecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/pipelinebase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/AddInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ArrayOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/BranchLabel.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DivInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicInstructionN.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicInstructions.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicSplatInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/EqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/FieldOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/GreaterThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ILightCallSiteBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Instruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionList.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InterpretedFrame.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Interpreter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LabelInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LessThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightDelegateCreator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambda.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambda.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambdaClosureVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LocalAccess.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LocalVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LoopCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/MulInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/NotEqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/NumericConvertInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/PowerShellInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/RuntimeVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/StackOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/SubInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/TypeOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/codegen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParseError.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSToken.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/AstVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/CharTraits.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/DebugViewWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/FusionAssemblyIdentity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/GlobalAssemblyCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Position.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SafeValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SymbolResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/regex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobSourceAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PowerShellStreams.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingErrorRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RunspaceRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ThrottlingJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesessionprotocolstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspaceinfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DebugJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DisconnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/EnterPSHostProcessCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/GetJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/JobRepository.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceiveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceivePSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/RemoveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ResumeJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StopJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/SuspendJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/TestPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/WaitJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/removerunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSSessionConfigurationTypeOption.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHostEncoder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemotingDataObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/psstreamobject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/throttlemanager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSSessionConfigurationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesessionstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocol.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/MutableTuple.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ClassOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/StringOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/VariableOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/ScriptBlockToPowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbindercontroller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultCommandHelpObjectBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DscResourceHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/FaqHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/FaqHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GeneralHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GeneralHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GlossaryHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GlossaryHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCategoryInvalidException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpErrorTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpNotFoundException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithFullCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpRequest.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlClassHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/PSClassHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/RemoteHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ScriptCommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SyntaxHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/FormatAndTypeDataHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationAttributeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntryCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/AliasProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Buffer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ContainerProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/CoreCommandContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/DriveProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/EnvironmentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FunctionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IDynamicPropertyProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPermissionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPropertiesProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ItemProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/NavigationProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/PathInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderDeclarationAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeRegistryHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SessionStateProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/StackInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/VariableProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Win32Native.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CredentialParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/MshSignature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RegistryStringResourceIndirect.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/CustomMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshCoreMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapinInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandDiscoveryExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExecutionExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/HostInterfacesExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/IObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MetadataExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PInvokeDllNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParameterBinderExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PathUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/RuntimeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StringUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/Verbs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetInstanceBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.cs
test/PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Common/Test.Helpers.psm1
test/powershell/Common/TestHostCS.psm1
test/powershell/Common/TestRemoting.psm1
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/HostUtilities.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Break.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Exceptions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.MiscOps.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.NestedModules.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/CompletionTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Language/LanguageTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Operators/ComparisonOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Ast.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/BNotOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Conversions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ExtensibleCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/MethodInvocation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingAssembly.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingNamespace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ActionPreference.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CheckRestrictedlanguage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CmdletDeclaration.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CommonParameters.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ConstrainedLanguageMode.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Delegates.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/DeserializedMethods.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/DeserializedTypeConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Dynamicparameters.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ForeachParallel.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Generics.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/HashtableToPSCustomObjectConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Indexer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/LineEndings.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/MyInvocation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OrderedAttributeForHashTables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OutErrorVariable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Requires.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/TestsOnWinFullOnly.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/TryCatch.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/en-US/I18n.Tests.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Archive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/History.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Job.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Remove-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/TestGetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalUser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.NoNewlineParameter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AclCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion1/UserConfigProviderModVersion1.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion2/UserConfigProviderModVersion2.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion3/UserConfigProviderModVersion3.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/scriptdsc/scriptdsc.schema.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Xml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Eventing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSCallStack.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Uptime.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Verb.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ImportExportCSV.Delimiter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MiscCmdletUpdates.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewTemporaryFile.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/PowerShellData.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/RunspaceCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-XML.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Sort-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Output.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/XMLCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/alias.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/de-DE/localized.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/en-US/localized.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/command.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/formatdata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/string.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/typedata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/MOF-Compilation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/ProviderIntrinsics.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/CmdletExample.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/LanguagePrimitive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/Serialization.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/CommandDiscovery.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/ModulePath.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/BooleanParameterDCR.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/NullableBooleanDCR.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/PropertyAccessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1
tools/Sign-Package.ps1
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Common/Test.Helpers.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1

Author:Hemant Mahawar 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Paul Allen 
build.psm1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
build.psm1
test/powershell/Language/LanguageTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/CounterTestHelperFunctions.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
docker/nightly/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
src/ResGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/project.json
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/project.json
test/tools/EchoArgs/project.json

Author:Naadir Jeewa 
build.psm1
docker/nightly/fedora24/Dockerfile
docker/release/fedora24/Dockerfile
src/ResGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/project.json
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/project.json
test/tools/EchoArgs/project.json

Author:2xmax 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/TestGetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Bryce Milton - MSFT 
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ExportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/CounterTestHelperFunctions.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
.spelling
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/README.md
test/tools/CodeCoverageAutomation/Start-CodeCoverageRun.ps1

Author:iSazonov 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1

Author:Ilya 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Registry.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:David Christian 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetVerbCommand.cs
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/Verbs.cs
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Verb.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
docker/README.md
docker/nightly/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Faheel Ahmad 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/DotNetTypes_format_ps1xml.cs

Author:Lee303 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionOptionCommand.cs

Author:Christopher Nelson 
build.sh
src/ResGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json

Author:Ilya 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1

Author:Keith Hill 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1

Author:Charu Bassi 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/HashtableToPSCustomObjectConversion.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
README.md

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
build.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
README.md
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
tools/download.sh

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Max Maximov 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/JsonObject.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
.spelling
README.md
appveyor.yml
demos/Azure/README.md
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Hemant Mahawar 
build.psm1

Author:Francisco Gomez Gamino 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/CounterTestHelperFunctions.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Export-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/assets/BadCounterSamples.blg
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/assets/CorruptBlg.blg
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/assets/CounterSamples.blg
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/assets/CounterSamples.csv
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/assets/CounterSamples.tsv

Author:Jeff Bienstadt 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CommonUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CoreCLR/Stubs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ExportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1

Author:Adam Bertram 
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Trap.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/TryCatch.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/map.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ClassOps.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1

Author:Robin Munn 
license_thirdparty_proprietary.txt

Author:Dave Wyatt 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/EnableDisableRunspaceDebugCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventSubscriberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/GetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CredentialCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Naadir Jeewa 
build.psm1
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/macos.md
docs/building/windows-core.md
docs/cmdlet-example/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/project.json
src/ResGen/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/project.json
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/project.json
test/tools/EchoArgs/project.json

Author:Kitt Holland 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTemporaryFileCommand.cs
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/RemoteSession.Basic.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/powershell-unix/project.json

Author:David Christian 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1

Author:iSazonov 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs

Author:Jonathan Malek 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/ContentHelper.Common.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/AddContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommandsCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/UseTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WriteContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/EnableDisableRunspaceDebugCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/new-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Executor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StopTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComMethod.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionExecutionHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ReflectionParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDynamicProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateItem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateLocationAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateNavigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateSecurityDescriptorInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ThirdPartyAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/Breakpoint.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/AsyncResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/pipelinebase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ConstantValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RunspaceRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/EnterPSHostProcessCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceiveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineSubscriber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SaveHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdateHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/map.json
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ItemProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PathUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/vs-csproj/System.Management.Automation.csproj

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Staffan Gustafsson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewGuidCommand.cs
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
build.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Hemant Mahawar 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk 
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psm1

Author:Kirk Munro 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
appveyor.yml
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
appveyor.yml
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:iSazonov 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ExportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CombinePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Disable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Enable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/WriteFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-list/Format-List.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-object/format-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-table/Format-Table.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-wide/Format-Wide.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-string/out-string.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/InvokeCommandCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ReadConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Write-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteProgressCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ImportWorkflowCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-default/format-default.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-textInterface/OutTextInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ExportModuleMemberCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceiveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/WaitJob.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
.spelling
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
appveyor.yml
demos/Azure/README.md
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile
docs/FAQ.md
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
build.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
build.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSGet.Format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.psd1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
build.psm1
tools/travis.ps1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
build.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Find-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-Package.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Import-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Install-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/CabArchiver.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveException.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveFileStreamContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveProgressEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveProgressType.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/BasicUnpackStreamContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabEngine.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabException.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabPacker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabUnpacker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabWorker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/HandleManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/NativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/CargoStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/CompressionEngine.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/CompressionLevel.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/DuplicateStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/IPackStreamContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/IUnpackStreamContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/OffsetStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/SafeNativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ConcatStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/CrcStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipCompressionMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipEngine.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipException.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipFormat.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipPacker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipUnpacker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/ZipArchiver.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Archivers.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/BootstrapProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/BootstrapRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/Feed.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/Package.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/Swid.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/ProgramsProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/WebDownloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Providers.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Dependency.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/DynamicOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Entity.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Enums.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Feature.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Link.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PowerShellExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PowerShellMetaProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PowerShellPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PowerShellProviderBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Request.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/SoftwareIdentity.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Yieldable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/BitmapResource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/FixedFileVersionInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/GroupIconInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/GroupIconResource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/NativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/Resource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/ResourceCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/ResourceType.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/VersionEnums.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/VersionInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/VersionResource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/VersionStringTable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/Attributes.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/Entities.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/QDatabase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/QRecord.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/QTable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/Query.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Package/InstallPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Package/InstallPath.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Package/PatchPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Package/TransformInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ColumnCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ColumnEnums.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ComponentInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ComponentInstallation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/CustomActionAttribute.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/CustomActionProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Database.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/DatabaseQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/DatabaseTransform.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/EmbeddedUIProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Enums.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Exceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ExternalUIHandler.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/FeatureInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/FeatureInstallation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Handle.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/IEmbeddedUI.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/InstallCost.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Installation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/InstallationPart.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Installer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/InstallerAdvertise.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/InstallerUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/MediaDisk.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/NativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/PatchInstallation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ProductInstallation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Record.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/RecordStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/RemotableNativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Session.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ShortcutTarget.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/SourceList.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/SourceMediaList.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/SummaryInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/TableCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/TableInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Transaction.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ValidationErrorInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/View.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/customactiondata.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/MsiProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Msi.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/MsuProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Msu.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NuGetExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightClient.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightConstant.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/IPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/IPackageName.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/PackageBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/PackageDependency.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/PackageDependencySet.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/PackageItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/PackageName.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/PackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/HttpClientPackageRepository.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/IPackageRepository.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/IPackageRepositoryFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/LocalPackageRepository.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/PackageRepositoryFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Sdk/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Sdk/ErrorCategory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Sdk/Request.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Utility/NuGetPathUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Utility/PackageUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Utility/ProgressTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/nugetlightprovider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Extensions/PackageListExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ExePackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/NupkgInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PowerShellArtifactInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ProgressTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/WebDownloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ZipPackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Sdk/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Api/ICoreApi.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Api/IHostAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Api/IProviderServices.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Api/IRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Api/IResponseApi.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/ErrorCategory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/IPackageManagementService.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/ActionRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/Archiver.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/DefaultPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/DictionaryRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/Downloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/DynamicOptionRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/EnumerableRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/Extensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/FuncRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageDetailsRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageManagementService.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageSourceRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/ProviderBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/ProviderServicesImpl.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/Request.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/RequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/SoftwareIdentityRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/PackageManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/AttributeIndexer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/BaseElement.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Directory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/DynamicOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Entity.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Evidence.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/File.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/FilesystemItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Iso19770_2.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Link.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/MediaQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Meta.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/MetadataIndexer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/OptionCategory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/OptionType.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/PackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Payload.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Resource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/ResourceCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/SoftwareIdentity.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/SoftwareIdentityNameVersionComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/SoftwareIdentityVersionComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/SoftwareMetadata.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Swidtag.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/ReadMe.txt
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/AsyncAction.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/AsyncActionExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/EmptyAsyncEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/IAsyncAction.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/IAsyncEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/IAsyncValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/BlockingCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/CancellableEnumerator.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/EnumerableExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/FilenameEqualityComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/ICancellableEnumerator.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/List.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/MutableEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/OrderedDictionary.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/PathEqualityComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/ReEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/DelegateExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/DictionaryExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/EqualityComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/ExceptionExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/FilesystemExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/HashtableExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/Singleon.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/StringExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/TaskExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/ThreadPerTaskScheduler.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/Types.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/AdminPrivilege.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/AsyncProcess.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/Manifest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/MoveFileFlags.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/NativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/WinTrustData.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/WinTrustFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/AssignableTypeComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/DynamicInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/DynamicInterfaceExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/DynamicType.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/DynamicTypeExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/FluentIlExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/RequiredAttribute.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/WrappedDelegate.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Versions/FourPartVersion.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Versions/TwoPartVersion.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IArchiver.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IDownloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IMetaProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/EnumerableExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/EqualityComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/Extensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/FilesystemExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/MutableEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/ReEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Utility/FileUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Utility/PathUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Utility/XmlUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Version/DependencyVersion.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Version/SemanticVersion.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Version/SemanticVersionTypeConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/AsyncCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithSearch.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithSearchAndSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/FindPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/FindPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/GetPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/GetPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/GetPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/ImportPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/InstallPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/InstallPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/RegisterPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/SavePackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/SetPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/UninstallPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/UnregisterPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/CustomRuntimeDefinedParameter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/ErrorMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/HostApiExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/ProgressTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/ValidateListAttribute.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/WebProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/resources/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Modules/Shared/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Shared/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PackageManagement/PackageProviderFunctions.psm1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.Tests.ps1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json
src/powershell-win-full/project.json

Author:Jianyun Tao 
tools/download.sh

Author:Jianyun Tao 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.travis.yml
tools/travis.ps1
tools/travis.sh

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/ResGen/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json
src/powershell-win-full/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/project.json
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/project.json
test/tools/EchoArgs/project.json

Author:Mike Richmond 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/coreclr_defs.cmake

Author:Steve Lee (POWERSHELL) 
Author:Steve Lee 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psd1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Oisin Grehan 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs

Author:iSazonov 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.enums.tests.ps1

Author:iSazonov 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/TestImportCsv_NoHeader.csv
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/TestImportCsv_W3C_ELF.csv
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/TestImportCsv_WithHeader.csv

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
tools/travis.sh

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/CimInstance.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/CimSession.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/Get-CimClass.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ETS/CimAdapter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SessionOption.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs

Author:Steve Lee (POWERSHELL) 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Steve Lee (POWERSHELL) 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Steve Lee (POWERSHELL) 
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psd1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1

Author:Alessandro Pilotti 
src/libpsl-native/src/getcurrentthreadid.cpp

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUptime.cs
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/HelpURI/V3Cmdlets.csv

Author:iSazonov 
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:iSazonov 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeMinishell.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeMinishell.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeStreams.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeStreams.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeMinishell.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeMinishell.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeMinishell.Tests.ps1

Author:Matt Wrock 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:nmbradford 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/ContentHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseHelper.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageManagementService.cs

Author:Jianyun Tao 
Author:Steve Lee 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Steve Lee 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Bryce Milton - MSFT 
docker/nightly/bootstrap.ps1
docker/nightly/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/centos7/bootstrap.ps1
docker/nightly/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu14.04/bootstrap.ps1
docker/nightly/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu16.04/bootstrap.ps1
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile

Author:Bryce Milton - MSFT 
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile

Author:Bryce Milton 
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile

Author:Bryce Milton 
docker/release/nanoserver/Dockerfile
docker/release/windowsservercore/Dockerfile

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psd1
test/tools/OpenCover/OpenCover.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageManagementService.cs

Author:iSazonov 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUptime.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetUptimeStrings.resx
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Uptime.Tests.ps1

Author:Nana Lakshmanan 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
test/powershell/engine/Jobs.Tests.ps1

Author:Lincoln Atkinson 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Sebastian N 
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md

Author:iSazonov 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs

Author:Adam Bertram 
test/powershell/README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/DotNetTypes_format_ps1xml.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Francisco Gomez Gamino 
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/UpdatableHelpSystem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/CimCmdlets_fb6cc51d-c096-4b38-b78d-0fed6277096a_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/CimCmdlets_fb6cc51d-c096-4b38-b78d-0fed6277096a_en-US_HelpContent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/HelpURI/V2Cmdlets.csv
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/HelpURI/V3Cmdlets.csv
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive_eb74e8da-9ae2-482a-a648-e96550fb8733_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive_eb74e8da-9ae2-482a-a648-e96550fb8733_en-US_HelpContent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive_eb74e8da-9ae2-482a-a648-e96550fb8733_en-US_HelpContent.zip
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core_00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core_00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000_en-US_HelpContent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core_00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000_en-US_HelpContent.zip
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics_ca046f10-ca64-4740-8ff9-2565dba61a4f_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics_ca046f10-ca64-4740-8ff9-2565dba61a4f_en-US_helpcontent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics_ca046f10-ca64-4740-8ff9-2565dba61a4f_en-US_helpcontent.zip
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host_56d66100-99a0-4ffc-a12d-eee9a6718aef_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host_56d66100-99a0-4ffc-a12d-eee9a6718aef_en-US_helpcontent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host_56d66100-99a0-4ffc-a12d-eee9a6718aef_en-US_helpcontent.zip
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts_8e362604-2c0b-448f-a414-a6a690a644e2_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts_8e362604-2c0b-448f-a414-a6a690a644e2_en-US_HelpContent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management_eefcb906-b326-4e99-9f54-8b4bb6ef3c6d_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management_eefcb906-b326-4e99-9f54-8b4bb6ef3c6d_en-US_helpcontent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management_eefcb906-b326-4e99-9f54-8b4bb6ef3c6d_en-US_helpcontent.zip
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security_A94C8C7E-9810-47C0-B8AF-65089C13A35A_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security_A94C8C7E-9810-47C0-B8AF-65089C13A35A_en-US_HelpContent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security_a94c8c7e-9810-47c0-b8af-65089c13a35a_en-US_helpcontent.zip
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility_1da87e53-152b-403e-98dc-74d7b4d63d59_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility_1da87e53-152b-403e-98dc-74d7b4d63d59_en-US_helpcontent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility_1da87e53-152b-403e-98dc-74d7b4d63d59_en-US_helpcontent.zip
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.WSMan.Management_766204A6-330E-4263-A7AB-46C87AFC366C_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.WSMan.Management_766204A6-330E-4263-A7AB-46C87AFC366C_en-US_HelpContent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/Microsoft.WsMan.Management_766204A6-330E-4263-A7AB-46C87AFC366C_en-US_helpcontent.zip
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PSReadline_5714753b-2afd-4492-a5fd-01d9e2cff8b5_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PSReadline_5714753b-2afd-4492-a5fd-01d9e2cff8b5_en-US_helpcontent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PSReadline_5714753b-2afd-4492-a5fd-01d9e2cff8b5_en-US_helpcontent.zip
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PackageManagement_4ae9fd46-338a-459c-8186-07f910774cb8_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PackageManagement_4ae9fd46-338a-459c-8186-07f910774cb8_en-US_helpcontent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PackageManagement_4ae9fd46-338a-459c-8186-07f910774cb8_en-US_helpcontent.zip
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PowershellGet_1d73a601-4a6c-43c5-ba3f-619b18bbb404_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PowershellGet_1d73a601-4a6c-43c5-ba3f-619b18bbb404_en-US_helpcontent.cab
test/powershell/engine/Help/assets/PowershellGet_1d73a601-4a6c-43c5-ba3f-619b18bbb404_en-US_helpcontent.zip

Author:Francisco Gomez Gamino 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json
src/powershell-win-full/project.json

Author:Mike Richmond 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Charu Bassi 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Kirk Munro 
CHANGELOG.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/sort-object.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Sort-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Hemant Mahawar 
build.psm1

Author:Mike Richmond 
.spelling

Author:Adam Driscoll 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/DebugViewWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Florian Feldhaus 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
appveyor.yml
demos/Azure/README.md
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docs/FAQ.md
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md
docs/maintainers/releasing.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ConstrainedLanguageMode.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:nitinbps 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Charu Bassi 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs

Author:Steve Lee 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1

Author:iSazonov 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Li 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Andy Li 
.travis.yml

Author:Andy Li 
.travis.yml

Author:Andy Li 
.spelling

Author:Andy Li 
.spelling
.travis.yml
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md
docs/debugging/README.md
docs/dev-process/breaking-change-contract.md
docs/installation/windows.md
docs/testing-guidelines/PowerShellCoreTestStatus.md
docs/testing-guidelines/TestRoadmap.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:iSazonov 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1

Author:Steve Lee 
build.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PInvokeDllNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandProcessor.Tests.ps1
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/CreateChildProcess.cs
test/tools/CreateChildProcess/project.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Host/HostUtilities.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/CmdletExample.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Common/TestRemoting.psm1
test/powershell/Host/HostUtilities.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Implicit.Remoting.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1

Author:Charu Bassi 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Hemant Mahawar 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.Tests.ps1

Author:iSazonov 
CHANGELOG.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
powershell.sln
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.sln
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/vs-csproj/PSReadLine.csproj
src/vs-csproj/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/vs-csproj/powershell.csproj
test/vs-csproj/TestPSReadLine.csproj

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/vs-csproj/PSReadLine.csproj
src/vs-csproj/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/vs-csproj/powershell.csproj
test/vs-csproj/TestPSReadLine.csproj

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/vs-csproj/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/vs-csproj/PSReadLine.csproj
src/vs-csproj/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/vs-csproj/powershell.csproj
test/vs-csproj/TestPSReadLine.csproj

Author:Mike Richmond 
docs/debugging/README.md

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ComputerInfo.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
appveyor.yml
demos/Azure/README.md
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docs/FAQ.md
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/dev-process/coding-guidelines.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/building/internals.md
docs/building/linux.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:iSazonov 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/getcurrentthreadid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getcurrentthreadid.h
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/setdate.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/setdate.h
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/pal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/getfileowner.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getstat.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getfileowner.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/isexecutable.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-isexecutable.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/isdirectory.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-isdirectory.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/getlinkcount.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-createhardlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getlinkcount.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/getpwuid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getuserfrompid.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/getcomputername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/getlstat.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getlstat.h
src/libpsl-native/src/isfile.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/issymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-isfile.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-issymlink.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/createhardlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-createhardlink.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/createsymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/createsymlink.h
src/libpsl-native/test/test-createsymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-issymlink.cpp
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/getcomputername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/setdate.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/setdate.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/geterrorcategory.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/geterrorcategory.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/libpsl-native/.gitignore
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/config.h.in
src/libpsl-native/src/getstrerror.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getstrerror.h
src/libpsl-native/src/pal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/libpsl-native/.gitignore
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/config.h.in
src/libpsl-native/src/getstrerror.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getstrerror.h
src/libpsl-native/src/pal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/createhardlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/createsymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/createsymlink.h
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getcomputername.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getcurrentprocessorid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getcurrentprocessorid.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getcurrentthreadid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getcurrentthreadid.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getfileowner.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getlinkcount.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getlstat.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getlstat.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getpwuid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getpwuid.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getstat.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getstat.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getuserfrompid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getuserfrompid.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getusername.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isdirectory.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isdirectory.h
src/libpsl-native/src/isexecutable.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isexecutable.h
src/libpsl-native/src/isfile.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isfile.h
src/libpsl-native/src/issymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/issymlink.h
src/libpsl-native/src/setdate.cpp

Author:Steve Lee 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs

Author:wangzq 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/AsyncCmdlet.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/alias.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/certificateproviderexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistrySecurity.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
docs/cmdlet-example/project.json
nuget.config
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/project.json
src/ResGen/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/project.json
test/tools/EchoArgs/project.json

Author:Steve Lee 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs

Author:Christopher Ubben 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Registry.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
README.md

Author:iSazonov 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
test/powershell/engine/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
test/powershell/engine/HelpSystem.OnlineHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/testdata/HelpURI/V2Cmdlets.csv
test/powershell/engine/testdata/HelpURI/V3Cmdlets.csv

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/.gitignore
docker/nightly/centos7/bootstrap.ps1
docker/nightly/ubuntu14.04/bootstrap.ps1
docker/nightly/ubuntu16.04/bootstrap.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/README.md
docker/launch.sh
docker/nightly/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile

Author:Steve Lee 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/.gitignore
docker/README.md
docker/launch.sh
docker/nightly/bootstrap.ps1
docker/nightly/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/nightly/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/release/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
test/powershell/Host/HostUtilities.Tests.ps1
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
docs/testing-guidelines/TestRoadmap.md

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
test/powershell/engine/PropertyAccessor.Tests.ps1

Author:iSazonov 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1

Author:Christopher Ubben 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Joey Aiello 
README.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
docs/testing-guidelines/TestRoadmap.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1

Author:charub 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1

Author:charub 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/TranscriptStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx

Author:charub 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.Powershell.Host/Start-Transcript.Tests.ps1

Author:Christopher Ubben 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.vscode/tasks.json

Author:Christopher Ubben 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/PSDrive.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/debugging/README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/VariableOps.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
test/powershell/Language/Operators/ComparisonOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Chris Ubben 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/assets/Saved-Events.evtx

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
build.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroupMember.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalUser.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Registry.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Install-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
test/powershell/engine/InitialSessionState.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateAliasAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla MSFT 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.psd1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla MSFT 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.psd1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/TestGetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Eventing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Provider/ProviderIntrinsics.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/LanguagePrimitive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Api/Serialization.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Basic/CommandDiscovery.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ETS/Adapter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Module/ModulePath.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/BooleanParameterDCR.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/NullableBooleanDCR.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ParameterBinding/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1

Author:JamesWTruher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1

Author:JamesWTruher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1

Author:JamesWTruher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Mike Richmond 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Mike Richmond 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroupMember.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalUser.Tests.ps1

Author:Charu Bassi 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Error.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/UtilsStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CredentialCommands.cs
test/powershell/Common/TestHostCS.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCapacityVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateStrings.resx

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Requires.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/enginecore/CommandDiscovery.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Executor.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Chris Ubben 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Archive.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandArguments.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeStreams.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Chris Ubben 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Registry.Tests.ps1

Author:Chris Ubben 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/FileSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Chris Ubben 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Chris Ubben 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/PSDrive.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/download.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Yanbing 
test/powershell/Common/Test.Helpers.psm1
test/powershell/Common/TestHostCS.psm1
test/powershell/Language/LanguageTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingNamespace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/map.json

Author:McAndersDK 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CredentialCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CurrentConfigurations.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/testing-guidelines/PesterDoAndDont.md
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/stable/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/stable/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/stable/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile
tools/download.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
appveyor.yml
demos/Azure/README.md
docker/README.md
docs/FAQ.md
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataAdapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsHelper.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataV4Adapter.ps1

Author:Li Li 
docs/debugging/README.md

Author:Yanbing 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/DeserializedMethods.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/DeserializedTypeConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Dynamicparameters.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Generics.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Indexer.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/LineEndings.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/MyInvocation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OrderedAttributeForHashTables.Tests.ps1

Author:charub 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessResources.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalGroupMember.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Pester.Command.Cmdlets.LocalAccounts.LocalUser.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/NewLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/NewLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/SetLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/SetLocalUserCommand.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/enginecore/ModulePath.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/RemotingCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/Remoting/SSHRemotingAPI.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:James Truher 
Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/SDK/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/RunspaceCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/RunspaceCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/SDK/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/SDK/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Host.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/RunspaceCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.NoNewlineParameter.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/SDK/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/RunspaceCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Move-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs

Author:Jeff Bienstadt 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.Tests.ps1

Author:Josh Soref 
demos/Apache/Apache/Apache.psm1
demos/Apache/apache-demo.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Douglas Thrift 
test/powershell/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandArguments.Tests.ps1

Author:Douglas Thrift 
.gitignore
build.psm1
test/powershell/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandArguments.Tests.ps1
test/tools/EchoArgs/EchoArgs.cs

Author:Douglas Thrift 
.gitignore
build.psm1
test/powershell/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandArguments.Tests.ps1
test/tools/EchoArgs/EchoArgs.cs
test/tools/EchoArgs/project.json

Author:Douglas Thrift 
test/EchoArgs/EchoArgs.cs
test/EchoArgs/project.json
test/powershell/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeCommandArguments.Tests.ps1

Author:Douglas Thrift 
.gitignore

Author:Douglas Thrift 
CHANGELOG.md
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
test/powershell/Host/HostUtilities.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:George Chakhidze 
test/powershell/engine/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:George Chakhidze 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:George Chakhidze 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/engine/HelpContent/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security_A94C8C7E-9810-47C0-B8AF-65089C13A35A_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/HelpContent/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security_A94C8C7E-9810-47C0-B8AF-65089C13A35A_en-US_HelpContent.cab
test/powershell/engine/HelpContent/Microsoft.WSMan.Management_766204A6-330E-4263-A7AB-46C87AFC366C_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/HelpContent/Microsoft.WSMan.Management_766204A6-330E-4263-A7AB-46C87AFC366C_en-US_HelpContent.cab
test/powershell/engine/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Yanbing 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/HashtableToPSCustomObjectConversion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/OutErrorVariable.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docker/README.md
docs/installation/docker.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/launch.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/.gitignore
docker/launch.sh
docker/unstable/.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/launch.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/launch.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1
docker/launch.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/launch.sh
docker/test.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/launch.sh
docker/unstable/bootstrap.ps1
docker/unstable/centos7/Dockerfile
docker/unstable/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile
docker/unstable/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/launch.sh
docker/unstable/centos7/Dockerfile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/stable/centos7/Dockerfile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/launch.sh
docker/unstable/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/stable/ubuntu16.04/Dockerfile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/launch.sh
docker/test.sh
docker/unstable/.gitignore
docker/unstable/bootstrap.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/unstable/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docker/stable/ubuntu14.04/Dockerfile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Dockerfile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:Jeff Bienstadt 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.Tests.ps1

Author:Yanbing 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ActionPreference.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CheckRestrictedlanguage.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CmdletDeclaration.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/CommonParameters.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Delegates.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ForeachParallel.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/TestsOnWinFullOnly.ps1

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
demos/Azure/Azure-Demo.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Ben Tucker 
src/libpsl-native/test/test-locale.cpp

Author:Yanbing Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.ps1

Author:Josh Soref 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IPackageProvider.cs

Author:Douglas Thrift 
docs/building/linux.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/building/macos.md
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
tools/download.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/download.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/download.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/download.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/download.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/download.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Yanbing Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Yanbing Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/BasicEditing.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Yanbing Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parsing.Tests.ps1

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesessionprotocolstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSink.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinkProxy.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArray.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionExecutionHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/CharTraits.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RunspaceRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/WaitJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesessionstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocolimplementation.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ClassOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/ScriptBlockToPowerShell.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/PSClassHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SaveHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugindefs.h

Author:Josh Soref 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshpluginerrorcodes.mc

Author:coderdad 
build.psm1

Author:Yanbing Wang 
test/powershell/Language/map.json

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/resources/ActivityResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/resources/GetEventResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/resources/GetEventResources.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ClearRecycleBinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/CmdletizationResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/UICultureResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/resources/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/resources/ScheduledJobErrorStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CatalogStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CmdletizationCoreResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Jason Shirk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Dave Wyatt 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CombinePathCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Keith Mosher 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Josh Soref 
demos/Apache/Apache/Apache.psm1
demos/SystemD/journalctl-demo.ps1
demos/crontab/README.md

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/en-US/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsStrings.psd1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/PowerShellData.tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Debug-Runspace.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Common/Test.Helpers.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Debug-Runspace.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Debug-Runspace.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Common/Test.Helpers.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/Debugging.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/SecureString.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/EnableDisablePSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Common/TestHostCS.psm1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/PowerShellData.tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Common/TestHostCS.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Josh Soref 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/ArchiveResources.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListParser.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpParagraphBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpWindowSettings.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/SettingsDialog.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/SettingsDialog.xaml

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ImportWorkflowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/resources/Resources.resx

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleSpecification.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CatalogStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceInit.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Schemas/PSMaml/command.xsd

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/CmdletizationResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessResources.resx

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/PathEqualityComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/NativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/DynamicTypeExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/FluentIlExtensions.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PowerShellArtifactInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/WebDownloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider.Resources.Messages.resx

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NuGetExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightConstant.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/nugetlightprovider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider.Resources.Messages.resx

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell.Resources.Messages.resx

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimIndicationWatcher.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimRegisterCimIndication.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/resources/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.Strings.resx

Author:Yanbing Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Travis Plunk 
.gitignore

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1
tools/appveyor.psm1
tools/travis.sh

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
demos/Azure/README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/NewWSManSession.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityHostProcess.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ConnectionManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/InstanceStoreCryptography.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/InstanceStorePermission.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/RuntimeBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowDebugger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJob2.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJobSourceAdapter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowPerformanceCounterSetInfo.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
.travis.yml

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJob2.cs

Author:Ryan Yates 
README.md

Author:KaliszAd 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Yanbing Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
demos/rest/rest.ps1

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
demos/rest/README.md
demos/rest/readme.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Sajay Antony 
Dockerfile

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
appveyor.yml

Author:Travis Plunk 
appveyor.yml
tools/appveyor.psm1

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletBase.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimChildJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ConnectionManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListParser.cs

Author:Jumping Yang[Wicresoft] 
test/powershell/enginecore/BooleanParameterDCR.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/enginecore/Eventing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/enginecore/ProviderIntrinsics.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/enginecore/Serialization.Tests.ps1

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobDefinition.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/FindPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/FindPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/InstallPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/HostApiExtensions.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpParagraphBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/ParagraphBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/CommandViewModel.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/nugetlightprovider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJobSourceAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ScriptWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataQuery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/CharTraits.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesessionstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/ScriptBlockToPowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProvider.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/DebugRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebRequestPSCmdlet.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/NupkgInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PowerShellArtifactInstaller.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/QTable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/Query.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimIndicationWatcher.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionOperations.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSetCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Utils.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getlinkcount.cpp

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/BootstrapRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PowerShellProviderBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageSourceRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/ParagraphSearcher.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/InnerListGridView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/RestartComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/WorkflowAdditionalStores.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/IObjectWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PathUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/Verbs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/assert.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetInstanceBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverterMethodInvoker.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RegistryStringResourceIndirect.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/CustomMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapinInstaller.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ContainerProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/CoreCommandContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/DriveProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IDynamicPropertyProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPermissionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPropertiesProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ItemProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/NavigationProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderDeclarationAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeTransactionHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationAttributeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntryCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeException.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/BaseCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetNativeApi.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultCommandHelpObjectBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpErrorTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithFullCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/PSClassHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/RemoteHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SaveHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AliasInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DefaultCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumExpressionEvaluator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExternalScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FunctionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ItemCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MergedCommandParameterMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSnapinQualifiedName.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetSpecificMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SerializationStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateAliasAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateSecurityDescriptorInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ThirdPartyAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableAttributeCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/regex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesessionstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocolimplementation.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSSessionConfigurationTypeOption.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHostEncoder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemotingDataObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/throttlemanager.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/GetJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceiveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceivePSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/RemoveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ResumeJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StopJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/SuspendJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/WaitJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/removerunspacecommand.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobSourceAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PowerShellStreams.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingErrorRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RunspaceRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesessionprotocolstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocolimplementation.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ConstantValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Position.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PreOrderVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SymbolResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSToken.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/BranchLabel.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LabelInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambdaClosureVisitor.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/AsyncResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePool.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/pipelinebase.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComUtil.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Schemas/PSMaml/command.xsd

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CurrentConfigurations.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Interop.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/InvokeWSManAction.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/NewWSManSession.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/PingWSMan.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManConnections.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManHelper.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletBase.cs

Author:Josh Soref 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs

Author:Matthew Brener 
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1

Author:Matthew Brener 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshTraceSource.cs

Author:Matthew Brener 
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ResourceManagerCache.cs

Author:Matthew Brener 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/MessageTextBox.Generated.cs

Author:Yanbing Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.ps1

Author:Ryan Yates 
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.Tests.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PInvokeDllNames.cs

Author:Yanbing Wang 
test/powershell/Language/LanguageTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Parsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/I18n.Tests_fallback.psd1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/ScriptHelp.Tests.xml
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/en-US/I18n.Tests.psd1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/en-US/bad.psd1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/en-US/foo.psd1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/en-US/if.psd1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/en-US/scriptHelp1.xml
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/fr-FR/I18n.Tests.psd1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/fr-FR/foo.psd1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/newbase/en-US/I18n.Tests.psd1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/newbase/en-US/foo.psd1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/newbase/en-US/scriptHelp1.xml
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/newbase/fr-FR/I18n.Tests.psd1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/newbase/fr-FR/foo.psd1

Author:Josh Soref 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimAsyncOperation.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimBaseAction.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCmdletModuleInitialize.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimIndicationWatcher.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimInvokeCimMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimRegisterCimIndication.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimResultObserver.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionOperations.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSetCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimAssociatedInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimClassCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/InvokeCimMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RegisterCimIndicationCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveProgressType.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/NativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/CompressionEngine.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/CompressionLevel.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ConcatStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/CrcStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipEngine.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/ZipArchiver.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/BootstrapProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/BootstrapRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/Feed.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/ProgramsProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PowerShellMetaProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/QDatabase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/QRecord.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Package/InstallPath.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ColumnEnums.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ComponentInstallation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/CustomActionProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Exceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/FeatureInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Handle.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Installer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/InstallerUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/PatchInstallation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Session.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/SummaryInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/MsiProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/MsuProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/PackageItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/HttpClientPackageRepository.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/LocalPackageRepository.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Sdk/Request.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Utility/PackageUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/nugetlightprovider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Extensions/PackageListExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ExePackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Api/IHostAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageManagementService.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/Request.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/PackageManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/BaseElement.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Swidtag.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/PathEqualityComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/FilesystemExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/DynamicTypeExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/FilesystemExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Version/SemanticVersion.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/ActivityGenerator.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimAssociatedInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimClassActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetPSWorkflowData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/InlineScript.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/InvokeCimMethodActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimSessionOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/Pipeline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/PowerShellValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/RemoveCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/SetCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/WorkflowJobConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/SessionBasedWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/CreateInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CIMHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearRecycleBinCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ConvertPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RegisterWMIEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WriteContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerializationStrings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/DebugRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/EnableDisableRunspaceDebugCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/HeaderInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/GetFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-object/format-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-wide/Format-Wide.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/InvokeCommandCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTimeSpanCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ObjectCommandComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/HtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObjectCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/ContentHelper.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeRestMethodCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeWebRequestCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebRequestPSCmdlet.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteProgressCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Executor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/PendingProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/DisablePSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/EnablePSRemotingActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/EnablePSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ForEachObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetCommandActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetModuleActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetPSSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/NewModuleManifestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/NewPSTransportOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ReceiveJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RegisterPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RemoveJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RemovePSSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ResumeJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SaveHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SetPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/StartJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/StopJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SuspendJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/TestModuleManifestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/TestPSSessionConfigurationFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/UnregisterPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/UpdateHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/WaitJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/WhereObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProviderTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/NativeWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/ExportCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/GetCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/GetWinEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/ImportCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/NewWinEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpParagraphBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpWindow.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/ParagraphBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/ParagraphSearcher.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/AutomationTextBlock.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DataRoutedEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DismissiblePopup.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/Utilities.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterEvaluator.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/InputFieldBackgroundTextConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/InnerListGridView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/Innerlist.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ParameterSetControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ShowModuleControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/AllModulesViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/CommandViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ModuleViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ParameterSetViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/HelpWindowHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/ShowCommandHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/outgridview.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Sam.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/AddComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/AddContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CheckpointComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearRecycleBinActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ConvertPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CopyItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CopyItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/DisableComputerRestoreActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/EnableComputerRestoreActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetChildItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetComputerRestorePointActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetHotFixActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemPropertyValueActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetLocationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetPSDriveActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetPSProviderActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/InvokeItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/JoinPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/LimitEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/MoveItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/MoveItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWebServiceProxyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RegisterWmiEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveWmiObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResetComputerMachinePasswordActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResolvePathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RestartServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RestoreComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResumeServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWmiInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SplitPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StartProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StartServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SuspendServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestComputerSecureChannelActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestConnectionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/WaitProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/WriteEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/RestartComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/BasicEditing.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Changes.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KillYank.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PublicAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/en-US/PSReadline.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/AsyncCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithSearchAndSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/FindPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/GetPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/GetPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/ImportPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/InstallPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobStore.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobWTS.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/AddJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobDefinitionBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RemoveJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/UnregisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromSecureStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ConvertToSecureStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetAclActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetAuthenticodeSignatureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetCmsMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetExecutionPolicyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetPfxCertificateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ProtectCmsMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetAclActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetAuthenticodeSignatureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetExecutionPolicyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/UnprotectCmsMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SecureStringCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/AddMemberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/AddTypeActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/CompareObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromJsonActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromStringDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToHtmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToJsonActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToXmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportClixmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportFormatDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetCultureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetDateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetEventSubscriberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetHostActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetMemberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetRandomActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetTraceSourceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetTypeDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetUICultureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetUniqueActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GroupObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ImportClixmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ImportCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeExpressionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeRestMethodActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeWebRequestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/MeasureCommandActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/MeasureObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/NewEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/NewTimeSpanActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutPrinterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RegisterEngineEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RegisterObjectEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RemoveEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectXmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SendMailMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SetDateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SetTraceSourceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SortObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/StartSleepActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/TeeObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UnblockFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UnregisterEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UpdateListActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WaitEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteDebugActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteErrorActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteInformationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteOutputActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteProgressActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteVerboseActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteWarningActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/ImportLocalizedDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityHostManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityHostProcess.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ConnectionManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/DefaultWorkflowSessionConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/InstanceStoreCryptography.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/WorkflowAdditionalStores.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/GlobalConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ImportWorkflowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/LocalRunspaceProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/NewPSWorkflowExecutionOptionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityHostManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSCleanupActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSSelfRemotingActivitiesBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PowerShellWorkflowHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/RuntimeBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowDebugger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJob2.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJobSourceAdapter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowMetadatas.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowRuntimeCompilation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowTimers.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowTrackingParticipant.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/ConnectWSManActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/DisableWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/DisconnectWSManActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/EnableWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/GetWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/GetWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/InvokeWSManActionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWSManSessionOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWSManQuickConfigActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/TestWSManActivity.cs
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PackageManagement/PackageProviderFunctions.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataAdapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsHelper.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataV4Adapter.ps1
src/Schemas/PSMaml/Maml_HTML_Style.xsl
src/Schemas/PSMaml/ManagedDeveloper.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/ManagedDeveloperStructure.xsd
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/QueryBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ComplexWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataQuery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatGroupManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatMsgCtxManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjects.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjectsDeserializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ILineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/ConsoleLineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-textInterface/OutTextInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleSpecification.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoveModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ScriptAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/createhardlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getlinkcount.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/NativeMsh.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/MainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshheaders.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.h

Author:Zakaria Ridouh 
README.md
build.sh
docs/building/internals.md
docs/building/macos.md
docs/cmdlet-example/README.md
docs/dev-process/coding-guidelines.md
docs/git/basics.md
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/learning-powershell/README.md
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Josh Soref 
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Break.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ExtensibleCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Archive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/History.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion1/UserConfigProviderModVersion1.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion2/UserConfigProviderModVersion2.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion3/UserConfigProviderModVersion3.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/TestCsv2.csv
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/command.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Find-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Import-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Install-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/enginecore/Parser.Tests.ps1

Author:Josh Soref 
docs/building/windows-core.md
docs/building/windows-full.md
docs/cmdlet-example/SendGreeting.cs
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Adam Driscoll 
build.psm1

Author:Matthew Brener 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/throttlemanager.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:David Wilson 
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md

Author:June Blender 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Hal Rottenberg 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Nilesh Londhe 
docs/installation/docker.md

Author:xiaoyinl 
license_thirdparty_proprietary.txt
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimAssociatedInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimClassCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/InvokeCimMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RegisterCimIndicationCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RemoveCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RemoveCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/SetCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Providers.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ExportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/NewWinEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/AddContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearRecycleBinCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CombinePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommitTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ConvertPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/MovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/NewPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PingPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RegisterWMIEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemoveWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RenamePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ResolvePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RollbackTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/StartTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/UseTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/DebugRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Disable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Enable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/EnableDisableRunspaceDebugCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/GetFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/WriteFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-list/Format-List.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-object/format-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-table/Format-Table.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-wide/Format-Wide.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-string/out-string.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSCallStack.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetCultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventSubscriberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHostCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRandomCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUICultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUnique.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/InvokeCommandCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTimeSpanCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ReadConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterObjectEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterPSEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RemoveEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/TimeExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnregisterEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WaitEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeRestMethodCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeWebRequestCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Write-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteProgressCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/compare-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/new-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/neweventcommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/sort-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/GetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StopTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/AddLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/DisableLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/EnableLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/NewLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/NewLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RenameLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RenameLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/SetLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/SetLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/FindPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/FindPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/GetPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/GetPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/GetPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/ImportPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/InstallPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/InstallPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/RegisterPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/SavePackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/SetPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/UninstallPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/UnregisterPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/AddJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/NewJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/NewScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RegisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RemoveJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/UnregisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/ExecutionPolicyCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CmsCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CredentialCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/ExecutionPolicyCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SecureStringCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ImportWorkflowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/NewPSWorkflowExecutionOptionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/InvokeWSManAction.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/NewWSManSession.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/PingWSMan.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-QuickConfig.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManConnections.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManInstance.cs
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/ExtensibleCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ExportModuleMemberCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoveModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DebugJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DisconnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/EnterPSHostProcessCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/GetJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PopRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceiveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceivePSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/RemoveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ResumeJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StopJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/SuspendJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/TestPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/WaitJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/removerunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/BaseCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SaveHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdateHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Authenticode.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpDisplayStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpErrors.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSignature.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParameterBinderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/HelpContent/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core_00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000_HelpInfo.xml

Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:David Wilson 
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
test/powershell/engine/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Rob Nelson 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Krishna C Vutukuri 
demos/Azure/Azure-Demo.ps1
demos/Azure/Compute-Linux.json
demos/Azure/readme.md

Author:Adam Driscoll 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Matt Wrock 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/History.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Job.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Move-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AclCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Greg Zimmerman 
assets/Powershell.icns

Author:Barry Nolte 
build.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Barry Nolte 
build.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Damir Ainullin 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs

Author:Eris Belew 
tools/download.sh

Author:Mike Hsu 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:matanya 
ThirdPartyNotices.txt

Author:Mike Hsu 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Ettore Atalan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Eris Belew 
tools/download.sh

Author:Matt Wrock 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/installation/docker.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Common/TestHostCS.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/GetCredential.Tests.ps1

Author:lalyos 
Dockerfile
README.md
docs/installation/docker.md

Author:Manikyam Bavandla [MSFT] 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/download.sh

Author:Barry Nolte 
build.psm1

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
demos/SSHRemoting/README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Micah R Ledbetter 
test/powershell/README.md

Author:Jeroen Janssens 
README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/building/linux.md
docs/maintainers/README.md

Author:oldhamtj 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Keith Mosher 
build.psm1

Author:Keith Mosher 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Vivek Juneja 
docs/learning-powershell/README.md

Author:Paul Higinbotham 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
tools/Sign-Package.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Stefan Weil 
docs/building/osx.md
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Stefan Weil 
assets/license.rtf

Author:exp-cpandya 
docs/building/osx.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Mike Richmond 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/building/osx.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Pascal Borreli 
docs/building/osx.md
docs/debugging/README.md
docs/dev-process/coding-guidelines.md
docs/dev-process/map-json-files.md
docs/dev-process/resx-files.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
docs/testing-guidelines/PowerShellCoreTestStatus.md

Author:Nathan Vonnahme 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:David Wilson 
docs/learning-powershell/README.md
docs/learning-powershell/debugging-from-commandline.md
docs/learning-powershell/using-ise.md
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Matt Wrock 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/download.sh

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Travis Plunk 
.travis.yml

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
nuget.config

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/download.sh

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Karol Kaczmarek 
build.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk 
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md

Author:Jianyun 
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Patrick Lang 
demos/Docker-PowerShell/Docker-PowerShell.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
demos/rest/curlDemo.txt
demos/rest/readme.md
demos/rest/rest.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
demos/install/README.md
demos/install/install.ps1
demos/install/install.sh
docs/installation/windows.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Matt Wrock 
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Kristopher Bash 
demos/Apache/Apache/Apache.psm1
demos/Apache/apache-demo.ps1
demos/Apache/readme.md
demos/DSC/dsc-demo.ps1
demos/DSC/readme.md
demos/SystemD/SystemD/SystemD.psm1
demos/SystemD/journalctl-demo.ps1
demos/SystemD/readme.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Mike Richmond 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Kenneth Hansen 
README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/FAQ.md
docs/git/basics.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Kenneth Hansen 
docs/community/governance.md

Author:Jason Shirk 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Sdk/Constants.cs
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1
src/powershell/Program.cs
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Install-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
build.psm1
docs/installation/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Joey Aiello 
docs/community/governance.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
appveyor.yml
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
assets/powershell.1.ronn

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
license_thirdparty_proprietary.txt

Author:Alex Jordan 
tools/download.sh

Author:Hitesh Raigandhi 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Jason Shirk 
assets/powershell.1.ronn

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
license_thirdparty_proprietary.txt
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/maintainers/pull-request-process.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/community/governance.md
docs/maintainers/README.md

Author:Matt Wrock 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Matt Wrock 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git/README.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
docs/dev-process/coding-guidelines.md
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Steve Lee 
demos/crontab/crontab.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
assets/license.rtf

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/PowerShellProperties.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json

Author:chunqingchen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobStore.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Bruce Payette 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:PaulHigin 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspaceinfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs

Author:Charu 
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:hiteshraigandhi 
README.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
ThirdPartyNotices.txt

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Travis Plunk 
appveyor.yml

Author:Travis Plunk 
appveyor.yml

Author:Travis Plunk 
appveyor.yml

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/enginecore/ModulePath.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/enginecore/NullableBooleanDCR.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/enginecore/ModulePath.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
test/powershell/enginecore/ModulePath.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.NestedModules.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
assets/Product.wxs

Author:joeyaiello 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/community/governance.md
docs/maintainers/README.md
docs/maintainers/pull-request-process.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
assets/powershell.1.ronn
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Steve Lee (POWERSHELL) 
demos/apache.ps1
demos/json.ps1
demos/modules/README.md
demos/remoting.ps1
demos/xml.ps1

Author:Steve Lee 
demos/README.md

Author:Steve Lee 
demos/rest/readme.md

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1
src/powershell-native/coreclr_defs.cmake

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/coreclr_defs.cmake
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-win-core/.gitignore
src/powershell-win-full/.gitignore

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1
src/powershell-native/coreclr_defs.cmake
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Alex Jordan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Alex Jordan 
assets/powershellorig
build.psm1

Author:John Kordich 
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/ResGen/project.json
test/powershell/engine/HelpContent/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core_00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000_HelpInfo.xml
test/powershell/engine/HelpContent/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core_00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000_en-US_HelpContent.cab
test/powershell/engine/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
test/powershell/engine/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/ResGen/project.json
test/powershell/engine/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/powershell-unix/project.json
test/powershell/engine/HelpSystem.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json
src/powershell-win-full/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Unimplemented-Cmdlet.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Unimplemented-Cmdlet.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:joeyaiello 
docs/community/governance.md
docs/maintainers/pull-request-process.md

Author:joeyaiello 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/community/governance.md
docs/maintainers/README.md
docs/maintainers/issue-management-process.md
docs/maintainers/issue-management.md
docs/maintainers/pull-request-process.md
docs/maintainers/pull-request-rules.md

Author:joeyaiello 
docs/community/governance.md

Author:joeyaiello 
docs/community/governance.md
docs/dev-process/issue-label-descriptions.md
docs/dev-process/pull-request-process.md

Author:joeyaiello 
docs/community/governance.md
docs/dev-process/pull-request-process.md
docs/maintainers/README.md

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
appveyor.yml

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
appveyor.yml

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell-unix/project.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
build.psm1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/enginecore/TestGetCommand.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/enginecore/LanguagePrimitive.Tests.ps1

Author:Angel Calvo 
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Angel Calvo 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Modules/Windows+Unix-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/learning-powershell/README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/Install-PowerShellRemoting.ps1
src/powershell-win-core/project.json

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/linux.md
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/testing-guidelines/Images/Travis-CI-Badge-Green.png

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:hiteshraigandhi 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Francisco Gamino 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/powershell/engine/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell-unix/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:quoctruong 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/project.json

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/enginecore/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:Bruce Payette 
demos/python/class1.ps1
demos/python/demo_script.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Bruce Payette 
demos/python/README.md

Author:Bruce Payette 
demos/python/class1.ps1
demos/python/class1.py
demos/python/demo_script.ps1
demos/python/inline_python.ps1

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Francisco Gamino 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitattributes

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
ThirdPartyNotices.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
tools/travis.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
tools/travis.sh

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
assets/license.rtf
build.psm1

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Mike Richmond 
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyAccessor.cs

Author:Angel Calvo 
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:Angel Calvo 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:John Kordich 
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/MOF-Compilation.Tests.ps1

Author:John Kordich 
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/MOF-Compilation.Tests.ps1

Author:John Kordich 
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/MOF-Compilation.Tests.ps1

Author:John Kordich 
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/MOF-Compilation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/baseregistration/MSFT_DSCMetaConfiguration.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/baseregistration/baseresource.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/schema/MSFT_LogResource/MSFT_LogResource.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/schema/MSFT_nxArchiveResource/MSFT_nxArchiveResource.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/schema/MSFT_nxEnvironmentResource/MSFT_nxEnvironmentResource.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/schema/MSFT_nxFileLineResource/MSFT_nxFileLineResource.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/schema/MSFT_nxFileResource/MSFT_nxFileResource.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/schema/MSFT_nxGroupResource/MSFT_nxGroupResource.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/schema/MSFT_nxPackageResource/MSFT_nxPackageResource.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/schema/MSFT_nxScriptResource/MSFT_nxScriptResource.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/schema/MSFT_nxServiceResource/MSFT_nxServiceResource.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/schema/MSFT_nxSshAuthorizedKeysResource/MSFT_nxSshAuthorizedKeysResource.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/PSDesiredStateConfiguration/assets/dsc/schema/MSFT_nxUserResource/MSFT_nxUserResource.schema.mof

Author:John Kordich 
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-core/project.json

Author:Angel Calvo 
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithSearchAndSource.cs

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psd1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
test/powershell/engine/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SerializationStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
tools/travis.sh

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj

Author:Francisco Gamino 
build.psm1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
build.psm1

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/TerminatingErrorTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRandomCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateAliasAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCmdletAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Parameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/GlobalAssemblyCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHostEncoder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DscResourceHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/PSClassHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/SessionBasedWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebCmdletElementCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ILineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EngineIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PathInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProxyCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateSecurityDescriptorInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ShellVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ListModifier.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PowerShellStreams.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DisconnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SessionStateProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/CustomMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapinInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExecutionExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParameterBinderExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/MethodInvocationJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRandomCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ObjectCommandComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/EngineInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/QueryBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ScriptWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/WildcardPatternToCimQueryParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ComplexWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ArgumentTypeConverterAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeAction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommonCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumMinimumDisambiguation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExternalScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FunctionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoteDiscoveryHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshReference.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSNegotiationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProgressRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateSecurityDescriptorInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ShellVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/Breakpoint.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Parameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/pipelinebase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/StackOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParseError.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSToken.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/CharTraits.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Position.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/regex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesessionprotocolstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesessionstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/BaseCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetNativeApi.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultCommandHelpObjectBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DscResourceHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/FaqHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/FaqHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GeneralHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GeneralHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GlossaryHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GlossaryHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithFullCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/PSClassHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ScriptCommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SyntaxHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Buffer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeRegistryHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SessionStateProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapinInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/RuntimeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/MethodInvocationJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/clientSideQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CombinePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/MovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/NewPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PingPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RegisterWMIEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RenamePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Csv.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventSubscriberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRandomCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUnique.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTimeSpanCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ObjectCommandComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/TimeExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnregisterEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-Data.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteAliasCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteProgressCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/compare-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/new-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/MethodInvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataQuery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatMsgCtxManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameterAssociation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/Mshexpression.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AliasInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ApplicationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationNull.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComMethod.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletFamilyProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMethodDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibMemberDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SimpleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DefaultCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumExpressionEvaluator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoteDiscoveryHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NullString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MITypeSerializationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetPromptingData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetSpecificMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Pipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PositionalCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateAliasAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ShellVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ThirdPartyAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/UserFeedbackParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/AsyncResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/DefaultHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Parameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePool.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/pipelinebase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Interpreter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParseError.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSToken.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Position.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/regex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobSourceAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ThrottlingJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspaceinfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DisconnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/GetJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceivePSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/removerunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceInitInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspacePoolStateInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemotingDataObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/throttlemanager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/host/RemoteHostMethodInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/BaseCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GlossaryHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpErrorTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpRequest.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlClassHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SyntaxHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpUri.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/FormatAndTypeDataHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/CoreCommandContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderDeclarationAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/StackInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshCoreMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/assert.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/AddContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CombinePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommandsCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommitTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ConvertPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/NewPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughPropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PingPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RenamePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RollbackTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/UseTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/singleshell/installer/MshManagementMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/HeaderInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OriginalColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/GetFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-list/Format-List.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-object/format-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-table/Format-Table.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHostCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRandomCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-Data.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebCmdletElementCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/singleshell/installer/MshUtilityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostTranscript.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePrompt.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleTextWriter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Executor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/PendingProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Serialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StopTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/EngineInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/MshHostMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ColumnWidthManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/commands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionDataMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Views.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjects.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ListWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputQueue.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameterAssociation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/Mshexpression.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-default/format-default.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/ConsoleLineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-textInterface/OutTextInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AliasInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ApplicationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ArgumentTypeConverterAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationNull.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ChildrenCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletFamilyProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoolArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoundDispEvent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinderHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComClassMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSink.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinkProxy.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinksContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComFallbackMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInterop.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeAction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMethodDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeClassDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeEnumDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConversionArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertibleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CurrencyArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DateTimeArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallableMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispatchArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ErrorArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Errors.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ExcepInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Helpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IPseudoComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/NullArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SimpleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SplatCallSite.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/StringArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeEnumMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/UnknownArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Variant.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArray.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionExecutionHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/ExtensibleCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommonCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ConfigurationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ContentCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CultureVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DefaultCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EngineIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumMinimumDisambiguation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtendedTypeSystemException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExternalScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FilterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FunctionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ICommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ItemCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MergedCommandParameterMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ScriptAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSecurityException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSnapinQualifiedName.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NullString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSNegotiationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSPowerShellPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/KnownMITypes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MITypeSerializationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/PSMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetPromptingData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetSpecificMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PathInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Pipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PositionalCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProgressRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/QuestionMarkVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ReflectionParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScopedItemSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateAliasAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCapacityVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCmdletAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDynamicProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateItem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateLocationAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateNavigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeEnumerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ShellVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SpecialVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactedString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableAttributeCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariablePath.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/cmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/AsyncResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ChoiceDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/DefaultHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InformationalRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInit.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/internalHostuserInterfacesecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/pipelinebase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/AddInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ArrayOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/BranchLabel.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DivInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicInstructionN.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicSplatInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/EqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/FieldOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/GreaterThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ILightCallSiteBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Instruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionList.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InterpretedFrame.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Interpreter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LabelInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LessThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightDelegateCreator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambda.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambdaClosureVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LocalAccess.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LocalVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LoopCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/MulInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/NotEqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/NumericConvertInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/PowerShellInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/RuntimeVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/StackOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/SubInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/TypeOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/codegen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParseError.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSToken.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/CharTraits.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/DebugViewWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PreOrderVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SafeValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RunspaceRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesessionprotocolstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocol.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DisconnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PopRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceiveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceivePSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/SuspendJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/removerunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/runspacerepository.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/AsyncObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/DispatchTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/Indexer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/ObjectRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceInitInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspacePoolStateInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemotingDataObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/host/RemoteHostMethodInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineSubscriber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/WSManChannelEvents.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesessionstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocol.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/MutableTuple.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/NumericOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/ScriptBlockToPowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbindercontroller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DscResourceHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/PSClassHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/FormatAndTypeDataHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/AliasProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ContainerProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/CoreCommandContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/DriveProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FunctionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IDynamicPropertyProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPropertiesProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ItemProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/NavigationProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/PathInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderDeclarationAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/StackInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/VariableProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/MshSignature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RegistryStringResourceIndirect.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ArchitectureSensitiveAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandDiscoveryExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandProcessorExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CoreProviderCmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExecutionExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/HostInterfacesExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/IObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MetadataExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentNullException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentOutOfRangeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshInvalidOperationException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotImplementedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshObjectDisposedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParameterBinderExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParserException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PathUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/RuntimeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StringUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/assert.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetInstanceBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwEventCorrelator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/TracingGen.cs

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj

Author:Francisco Gamino 
build.psm1

Author:James Truher 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs

Author:James Truher 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs

Author:Alex Jordan 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Jianyun 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Angel Calvo 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Paul Allen 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/community/legal-licensing.md

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/osx.md
docs/building/windows-core.md
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Michael Greene 
demos/powershellget/PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Archive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ImportExportCSV.Delimiter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/command.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/string.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/project.json

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Archive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/History.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.NoNewlineParameter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ImportExportCSV.Delimiter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MiscCmdletUpdates.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewGuid.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewTemporaryFile.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/PowerShellData.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/alias.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/command.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/formatdata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/string.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/typedata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Archive.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Json.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/map.json

Author:James Truher 
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.Archive.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/map.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.ArchiveTests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/History.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.NoNewlineParameter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ImportExportCSV.Delimiter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MiscCmdletUpdates.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewGuid.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewTemporaryFile.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.JsonTests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/PowerShellData.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/alias.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/command.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/formatdata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/string.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/typedata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/core.job.tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/map.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.ArchiveTests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/SamplePreCreatedArchive.archive
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/History.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.GetCommand.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/core.job.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy.Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.NoNewlineParameter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/FormatHex.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ImportExportCSV.Delimiter.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/MiscCmdletUpdates.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewGuid.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/NewTemporaryFile.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Pester.Commands.Cmdlets.JsonTests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/PowerShellData.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/alias.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/clixml.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/command.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/formatdata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/object.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/string.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/typedata.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/xml.tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/map.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/map.json

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
docs/testing-guidelines/PesterDoAndDont.md

Author:James Truher 
docs/testing-guidelines/PesterDoAndDont.md

Author:James Truher 
docs/testing-guidelines/Images/AppVeyor-Badge-Green.png
docs/testing-guidelines/Images/AppVeyor-Github.png

Author:James Truher 
docs/testing-guidelines/PesterDoAndDont.md
docs/testing-guidelines/Testing.md
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/ResGen/Program.cs
src/ResGen/project.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/powershell-win-core/project.json

Author:Paul Allen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Michael Greene 
docs/learning-powershell/create-powershell-scripts.md

Author:Michael Greene 
docs/learning-powershell/working-with-powershell-objects.md

Author:Michael Greene 
docs/learning-powershell/working-with-powershell-objects.md

Author:Michael Greene 
Author:Michael Greene 
docs/learning-powershell/working-with-powershell-objects.md

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/enginecore/Adapter.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeStreams.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ArrayOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/VariableOps.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CommonUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSample.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ExportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/NewWinEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/SessionBasedWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/CimJobException.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/CreateInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/DeleteInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/EnumerateAssociatedInstancesJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/ExtrinsicMethodInvocationJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/InstanceMethodInvocationJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/MethodInvocationJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/ModifyInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/PropertySettingJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/QueryJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/QueryJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/TerminatingErrorTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimChildJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimCmdletDefinitionContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimCmdletInvocationContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimJobContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimOperationOptionsHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/clientSideQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/AddContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearRecycleBinCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CombinePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommandsCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommitTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ConvertPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/MovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/NewPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughPropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PingPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RegisterWMIEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemoveWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RenamePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ResolvePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RollbackTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/StartTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/UseTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WriteContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConsoleColorCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Csv.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerializationStrings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/DebugRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Disable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Enable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/EnableDisableRunspaceDebugCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ExpressionColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/HeaderInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OriginalColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ScalarTypeColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/TableView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/GetFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/WriteFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-list/Format-List.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-object/format-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-table/Format-Table.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-wide/Format-Wide.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-string/out-string.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetCultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventSubscriberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRandomCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUICultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUnique.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/InvokeCommandCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTimeSpanCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ObjectCommandComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ReadConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterObjectEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterPSEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RemoveEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/TimeExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnregisterEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-Data.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WaitEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/ContentHelper.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/HtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/HtmlWebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/HttpKnownHeaderNames.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/HtmlWebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeRestMethodCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebRequestPSCmdlet.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseHelper.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseObjectFactory.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Write-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteAliasCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteProgressCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/compare-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/new-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/neweventcommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/sort-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/GetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostTranscript.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePrompt.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleTextWriter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Executor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/PendingProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Serialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StopTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/AssemblyMetadataHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventDescriptor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProviderTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/CoTaskMemSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/CoTaskMemUnicodeSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventBookmark.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventKeyword.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLevel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogException.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogInformation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogLink.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogPropertySelector.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogReader.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogRecord.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventMetadata.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventOpcode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventProperty.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventPropertyContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventRecord.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventTask.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/NativeWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/ProviderMetadata.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/ProviderMetadataCachedInformation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/Winmeta.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/UnsafeNativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromSecureStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ConvertToSecureStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetAclActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetAuthenticodeSignatureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetCmsMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetExecutionPolicyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetPfxCertificateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ProtectCmsMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetAclActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetAuthenticodeSignatureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetExecutionPolicyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/UnprotectCmsMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CmsCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CredentialCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/ExecutionPolicyCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SecureStringCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/certificateproviderexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/EnumWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/MethodInvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ObjectModelWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ScriptWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/WildcardPatternToCimQueryParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/other/ciminstancetypeadapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ColumnWidthManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ComplexWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Certificate_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/FileSystem_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/HelpV3_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Help_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/commands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionDataMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataQuery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Views.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatGroupManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatMsgCtxManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatXMLWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjects.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjectsDeserializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ILineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ListWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputQueue.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameterAssociation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/Mshexpression.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-default/format-default.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/ConsoleLineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-textInterface/OutTextInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AliasInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ApplicationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ArgumentTypeConverterAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationNull.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComDispatch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComMethod.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ChildrenCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletFamilyProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoolArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoundDispEvent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinderHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComClassMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComDispIds.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSink.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinkProxy.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinksContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComFallbackMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComHresults.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInterop.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeAction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMethodDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeClassDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeEnumDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibMemberDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConversionArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertibleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CurrencyArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DateTimeArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallableMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispatchArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ErrorArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Errors.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ExcepInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Helpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IPseudoComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/NullArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SimpleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SplatCallSite.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/StringArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeEnumMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibInfoMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/UnknownArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Variant.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArray.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionExecutionHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/ExtensibleCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommonCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ConfigurationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ContentCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CultureVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DefaultCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EngineIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumExpressionEvaluator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumMinimumDisambiguation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtendedTypeSystemException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExternalScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FilterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FunctionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ICommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ItemCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MergedCommandParameterMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MinishellParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ExportModuleMemberCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleSpecification.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoteDiscoveryHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoveModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ScriptAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSnapinQualifiedName.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NullString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ObjectEventRegistrationBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/KnownMITypes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MITypeSerializationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/PSMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetPromptingData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetSpecificMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PathInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Pipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PositionalCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProgressRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProxyCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/QuestionMarkVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ReflectionParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScopedItemSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityDescriptorCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SerializationStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateAliasAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCapacityVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCmdletAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDynamicProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateItem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateLocationAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateNavigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeEnumerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateSecurityDescriptorInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ShellVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SpecialVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ThirdPartyAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactedString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/UserFeedbackParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableAttributeCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariablePath.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WinRT/IInspectable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WorkflowInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/cmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/Breakpoint.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/AsyncResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ChoiceDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/DefaultHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InformationalRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ListModifier.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Parameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInit.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInvoke.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePool.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/internalHostuserInterfacesecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/pipelinebase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/AddInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ArrayOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/BranchLabel.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DivInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicInstructionN.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicSplatInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/EqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/FieldOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/GreaterThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ILightCallSiteBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Instruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionList.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InterpretedFrame.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Interpreter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LabelInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LessThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightDelegateCreator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambda.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambdaClosureVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LocalAccess.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LocalVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LoopCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/MulInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/NotEqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/NumericConvertInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/PowerShellInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/RuntimeVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/StackOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/SubInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/TypeOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParseError.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSToken.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/AstVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/CharTraits.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ConstantValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/DebugViewWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/GlobalAssemblyCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Position.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SafeValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SymbolResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/regex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobSourceAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PowerShellStreams.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingErrorRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RunspaceRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ThrottlingJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesessionprotocolstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspaceinfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocol.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DebugJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DisconnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/EnterPSHostProcessCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/GetJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/JobRepository.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PopRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceiveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceivePSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/RemoveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ResumeJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StopJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/SuspendJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/TestPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/WaitJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/removerunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/runspacerepository.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/AsyncObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/DispatchTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/Indexer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/ObjectRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSSessionConfigurationTypeOption.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceInitInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspacePoolStateInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHostEncoder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemotingDataObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/psstreamobject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/throttlemanager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSSessionConfigurationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/host/RemoteHostMethodInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineSubscriber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesessionstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocol.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/MutableTuple.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ArrayOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ClassOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/NumericOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/StringOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/VariableOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/ScriptBlockToPowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbindercontroller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/BaseCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetNativeApi.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultCommandHelpObjectBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DscResourceHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/FaqHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/FaqHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GeneralHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GeneralHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GlossaryHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GlossaryHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCategoryInvalidException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpErrorTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpNotFoundException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithFullCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpRequest.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlClassHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/PSClassHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/RemoteHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SaveHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ScriptCommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpUri.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdateHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/FormatAndTypeDataHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationAttributeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntryCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/AliasProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Buffer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ContainerProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/CoreCommandContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/DriveProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/EnvironmentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FunctionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IDynamicPropertyProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPermissionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPropertiesProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ItemProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/NavigationProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/PathInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderDeclarationAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeRegistryHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeTransactionHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SessionStateProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/StackInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/VariableProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Win32Native.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CredentialParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/MshSignature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RegistryStringResourceIndirect.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/CustomMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshCoreMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ArchitectureSensitiveAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/BackgroundDispatcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandDiscoveryExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandProcessorExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExecutionExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/HostInterfacesExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/IObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/IObjectWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MetadataExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentNullException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentOutOfRangeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshInvalidOperationException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotImplementedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotSupportedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshObjectDisposedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParameterBinderExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParserException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PathUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/RuntimeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StringUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/Verbs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/assert.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetInstanceBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverterMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwEventCorrelator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/IMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/Tracing.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/TracingGen.cs

Author:joeyaiello 
LICENSE.txt

Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Mike Richmond 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugindefs.h

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/learning-powershell/README.md
docs/learning-powershell/using-ise.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/dev-process/issue-label-descriptions.md
docs/learning-powershell/README.md
docs/learning-powershell/debugging-from-commandline.md
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md
docs/learning-powershell/using-ise.md
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Angel Calvo 
docs/learning-powershell/README.md

Author:Michael Greene 
docs/learning-powershell/create-powershell-scripts.md

Author:Michael Greene 
docs/learning-powershell/create-powershell-scripts.md

Author:Michael Greene 
docs/learning-powershell/create-powershell-scripts.md

Author:Michael Greene 
demos/powershellget/PowerShellGet.ps1
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:John Kordich 
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/maintainers/README.md

Author:joeyaiello 
README.md

Author:joeyaiello 
LICENSE.txt

Author:Michael Greene 
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Michael Greene 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Quoc Truong 
Author:Michael Greene 
docs/learning-powershell/create-powershell-scripts.md
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Michael Greene 
demos/powershellget/PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs

Author:Angel Calvo 
docs/learning-powershell/README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Language/Parser/AutomaticVariables.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListParser.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/BootstrapProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/BootstrapRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Providers.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/LocalPackageRepository.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ExePackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/WebDownloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ZipPackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Sdk/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/WorkflowJobConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ImportWorkflowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/LocalRunspaceProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJob2.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/resources/Resources.resx
src/Modules/Windows+Unix-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:AngelCalvo 
README.md

Author:Angel Calvo 
docs/learning-powershell/README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:quoctruong 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithSearchAndSource.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/EnvironmentProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataAdapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsHelper.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataV4Adapter.ps1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/en-US/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsStrings.psd1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/Unix/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/powershell-unix/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docs/git/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/maintainers/releasing.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/maintainers/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/learning-powershell/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/learning-powershell/debugging-from-commandline.md
docs/learning-powershell/learning-powershell.md
docs/learning-powershell/powershell-beginners-guide.md
docs/learning-powershell/using-ise.md
docs/learning-powershell/using-vscode.md
docs/learning-powershell/vscode.png

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/engine/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/learning-powerShell/using-ise.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/CmdletExample.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/engine/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/engine/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
test/powershell/enginecore/Parser.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
appveyor.yml

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Exceptions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.enums.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-Package.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
build.psm1

Author:James Truher 
build.psm1
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Exceptions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/CompletionTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-Package.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/enginecore/Parser.Test.ps1

Author:James Truher 
build.psm1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Break.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Exceptions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.MiscOps.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.NestedModules.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.enums.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Interop/DotNet/DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Interop/DotNet/DotNetInterop.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Operators/ComparisonOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Ast.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/AutomaticVariables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/BNotOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Conversions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingNamespace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggingInHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/Get-CimClass.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Remove-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Hierarchical-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pop-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Push-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Xml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Default-Aliases.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Culture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-EventSubscriber.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSCallStack.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-RunspaceDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-TraceSource.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-UICulture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Group-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-LocalizedData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-EngineEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-ObjectEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-XML.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Sort-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Wait-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Output.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Verbose.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/XMLCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Find-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Import-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Install-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/engine/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
test/powershell/engine/SemanticVersion.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/nugetlightprovider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ExePackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/NupkgInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListRequest.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:KarolKaczmarek 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla MSFT 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
docs/building/internals.md
src/powershell-win-core/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
docs/building/internals.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/README.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.SDK/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-win-full/project.json
src/powershell-windows/project.json

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
demos/1-PowerShellGet.ps1
demos/PowerShellGet.ps1
demos/powershellget/PowerShellGet.ps1
demos/powershellget/README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SpecialVariables.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/MethodInvocation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Json.Tests.ps1

Author:AngelCalvo 
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:AngelCalvo 
docs/dev-process/breaking-change-contract.md

Author:AngelCalvo 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:AngelCalvo 
docs/dev-process/breaking-change-contract.md

Author:AngelCalvo 
docs/debugging/README.md

Author:Kristopher Bash 
Author:opquad@live.com 
demos/Apache/Apache/Apache.psm1

Author:Kristopher Bash 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jason Shirk 
docs/dev-process/issue-label-descriptions.md

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
docs/dev-process/coding-guidelines.md

Author:maertend 
demos/rest.ps1

Author:maertend 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:maertend 
demos/rest/readme.md

Author:maertend 
demos/rest/readme.md

Author:maertend 
demos/rest/curlDemo.txt
demos/rest/rest.ps1

Author:maertend 
demos/rest/readme.md

Author:maertend 
demos/rest/curlDemo.txt
demos/rest/rest.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs

Author:hiteshraigandhi 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/README.md

Author:maertend 
demos/rest/readme.md

Author:Karol Kaczmarek 
build.psm1

Author:Karol Kaczmarek 
appveyor.yml
build.psm1

Author:Karol Kaczmarek 
build.psm1

Author:Karol Kaczmarek 
build.psm1

Author:Karol Kaczmarek 
build.psm1

Author:Karol Kaczmarek 
build.psm1

Author:opquad@live.com 
demos/Apache/Apache/Apache.psm1
demos/Apache/apache-demo.ps1
demos/Apache/readme.md
demos/SystemD/SystemD/SystemD.psm1
demos/SystemD/journalctl-demo.ps1
demos/SystemD/readme.md
demos/modules/ApacheHTTPServer/ApacheVirtualHosts.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Bruce Payette 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla MSFT 
demos/1-PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/FAQ.md
docs/dev-process/branch-structure.md
docs/dev-process/map-json-files.md
docs/dev-process/resx-files.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs

Author:Francisco Gamino 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/WebCmdlets.Tests.ps1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/HtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObjectFactory.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/ContentHelper.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/HtmlWebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/InvokeRestMethodCommand.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebRequestPSCmdlet.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/Common/WebResponseObject.Common.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/ContentHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/HtmlWebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/HttpKnownHeaderNames.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeRestMethodCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/InvokeWebRequestCommand.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebRequestPSCmdlet.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseHelper.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObject.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/CoreCLR/WebResponseObjectFactory.CoreClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObjectCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/ContentHelper.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/HtmlWebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeRestMethodCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/InvokeWebRequestCommand.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/JsonObjectTypeResolver.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebRequestPSCmdlet.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseHelper.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseObject.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FullClr/WebResponseObjectFactory.FullClr.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/InvokeRestMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Modules/Windows+Unix-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/map.json

Author:Francisco Gamino 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/map.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/maintainers/pull-request-rules.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore
src/powershell-unix/.gitignore

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git/powershell-repository-101.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/internals.md
src/libpsl-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Modules/README.md
src/Modules/Windows+Unix-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows+Unix-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows+Unix-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSMan.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Core+Full/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.Format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psm1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psd1
src/Modules/Windows-Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psm1
src/Modules/map.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs
src/powershell-unix/project.json
src/powershell-windows/project.json
src/powershell/README.md
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:hiteshraigandhi 
docs/dev-process/code-review-guidelines.md

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Modules/Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.Format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psd1
src/Modules/Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psm1
src/Modules/Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psd1
src/Modules/Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/ArchiveResources.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataAdapter.ps1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsHelper.ps1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/en-US/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsStrings.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSMan.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Shared/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.psd1
src/Schemas/PSMaml/Maml_HTML.xsl
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/CatalogTestFile1.mof
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/scriptdsc/scriptdsc.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/pesteralias.txt

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell-native/.gitignore

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/engine/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla MSFT 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Extensions/PackageListExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ExePackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/NupkgInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PowerShellArtifactInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ProgressTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/WebDownloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ZipPackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Sdk/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/ProviderBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/ProviderServicesImpl.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/ExceptionExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/FilesystemExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/AdminPrivilege.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/Manifest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/NativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PublicAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ScreenCapture.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeRegistryHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverterMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwEventCorrelator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/IMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/Tracing.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/TracingGen.cs

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
appveyor.yml

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
docs/building/internals.md
docs/building/osx.md
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Manikyam Bavandla MSFT 
Author:Jianyun 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/BinaryMiLogBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/ExportBinaryMiLogCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/ImportBinaryMiLogCommand.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/debugging/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.vscode/launch.json

Author:Manikyam Bavandla MSFT 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
demos/PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
demos/install/install.sh

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
demos/install/Install.sh

Author:Lee Holmes 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
demos/install/install.ps1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
demos/PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
demos/PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
demos/PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Bruce Payette 
Author:Karol Kaczmarek 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.travis.yml
docs/building/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:John Kordich 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Jason Shirk 
demos/crontab/README.md

Author:Jason Shirk 
demos/crontab/crontab.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk 
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk 
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk 
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.ps1xml
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psd1
demos/crontab/CronTab/CronTab.psm1
demos/crontab/crontab.ps1
demos/modules/CronTab/CronTab.psd1

Author:Jason Shirk 
demos/modules/CronTab/CronTab.psd1
demos/modules/CronTab/CronTab.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Jianyun 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
demos/PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:hiteshraigandhi 
demos/README.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
README.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJob2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/SDK/CmdletExample.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/SDK/CmdletExample.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
appveyor.yml

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/SDK/CmdletExample.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docs/cmdlet-example/SendGreeting.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
appveyor.yml

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git/powershell-repository-101.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Bruce Payette 
docs/dev-process/breaking-change-contract.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Jason Shirk 
demos/crontab.ps1
demos/modules/CronTab/CronTab.psm1

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Jianyun 
Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/ProtectedAccess.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.NestedModules.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ExtensibleCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/MethodInvocation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingAssembly.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingNamespace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Language/Classes/MSFT_778492.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/ProtectedAccess.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Attributes.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.BasicParsing.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Break.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Exceptions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.MiscOps.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/Scripting.Classes.Modules.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.NestedModules.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.inheritance.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.Classes.using.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Classes/scripting.enums.tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/CompletionTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Language/LanguageTestSupport.psm1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Ast.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/AutomaticVariables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/BNotOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/Conversions.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ExtensibleCompletion.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/LanguageAndParser.TestFollowup.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/MethodInvocation.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/ParameterBinding.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/RedirectionOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/TypeAccelerator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingAssembly.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Parser/UsingNamespace.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggerScriptTests.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Scripting/Debugging/DebuggingInHost.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Language/map.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Language/map.json

Author:Travis Plunk 
README.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
README.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
README.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/workflow/resources.md

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs

Author:Mike Richmond 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.cpp

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ClrHostWrapper.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/NativeMsh.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CssMainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/MainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.cpp

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/nano_defs.cmake
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshheaders.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.h

Author:Mike Richmond 
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nano_defs.cmake
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ClrHostWrapper.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshheaders.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.def
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.h

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/coreclr_defs.cmake
src/powershell-native/dsc_defs.cmake
src/powershell-native/nano_defs.cmake
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ClrHostWrapper.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CssMainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.h

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ClrHostWrapper.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/SystemCallFacade.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/WinSystemCallFacade.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/WinSystemCallFacade.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.h
src/powershell-native/windows-compiler-override.txt

Author:Mike Richmond 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ClrHostWrapper.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/NativeMsh.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/SystemCallFacade.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/WinSystemCallFacade.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/WinSystemCallFacade.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.h

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md
docs/dev-process/branch-structure.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/Images/Github-PR-dev.png
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
docs/dev-process/branch-structure.md
docs/dev-process/issue-label-descriptions.md
docs/maintainers/issue-management-process.md
docs/maintainers/maintainers.md
docs/maintainers/pull-request-rules.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
.gitignore

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Install-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
demos/PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
demos/modules/CronTab/CronTab.psm1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla MSFT 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Jianyun 
Author:Jianyun 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
README.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/sort-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
README.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
README.md

Author:Quoc Truong 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
Author:Quoc Truong 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightClient.cs

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
demos/0-Install.sh.ps1
demos/Install.sh

Author:Quoc Truong 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightClient.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/FindPackage.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
tools/travis.sh

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/building/linux.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Jianyun 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Jianyun Tao 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/FAQ.md
docs/building/linux.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/download.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/enginecore/Parser.Test.ps1

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/cmdlet-example/README.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/releasing/README.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/workflow/resources.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/git/submodules.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolic 
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolic 
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolic 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/learning-powerShell/using-vscode.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolić 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolic 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolic 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolic 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolic 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md

Author:Aleksandar Nikolic 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/building/linux.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Options.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
test/powershell/Modules/CimCmdlets/Get-CimClass.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Jianyun 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Aleksandar Nikolic 
docs/git/basics.md

Author:hiteshraigandhi 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/enginecore/Parser.Test.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/enginecore/Parser.Test.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/enginecore/Parser.Test.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/getlstat.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getlstat.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getstat.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isdirectory.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isfile.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/issymlink.cpp

Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/learning-powerShell/debugging-from-commandline.md
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md
docs/learning-powerShell/using-ise.md
docs/learning-powerShell/using-vscode.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/isfile.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/createsymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/createsymlink.h
src/libpsl-native/test/test-createsymlink.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeRegistryHandle.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/libpsl-native/src/isexecutable.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isexecutable.h
src/libpsl-native/src/issymlink.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/issymlink.h
src/libpsl-native/test/test-isexecutable.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-issymlink.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/isfile.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isfile.h
src/libpsl-native/test/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/test/test-isfile.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/isdirectory.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/isdirectory.h
src/libpsl-native/test/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/test/test-isdirectory.cpp

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Manikyam Bavandla MSFT 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManHelper.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/resources.md

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/resources/WsManResources.resx

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/BinaryMiLogBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimAsyncOperation.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimBaseAction.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCmdletModuleInitialize.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetAssociatedInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetCimClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimGetInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimIndicationWatcher.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimInvokeCimMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimNewCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimPromptUser.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimRegisterCimIndication.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimRemoveCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimResultObserver.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionOperations.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSessionProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimSetCimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteError.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CimWriteResultObject.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/CmdletOperation.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/ExportBinaryMiLogCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimAssociatedInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimClassCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/GetCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/ImportBinaryMiLogCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/InvokeCimMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/NewCimSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RegisterCimIndicationCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RemoveCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/RemoveCimSessionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/SetCimInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/resources/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets.Strings.resx
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/ConfigProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CredSSP.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/CurrentConfigurations.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Interop.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/InvokeWSManAction.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/NewWSManSession.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/PingWSMan.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-QuickConfig.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManConnections.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSManInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WsManSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/resources/WsManResources.txt
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/WSManSessionOption.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimCmdlets/map.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/map.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Runtime/map.json

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1

Author:Quoc Truong 
Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Quoc Truong 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/PackageRepositoryFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithSearchAndSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/SavePackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/UninstallPackage.cs

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Quoc Truong 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git/basics.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/learning-powerShell/debugging-from-commandline.md
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md
docs/learning-powerShell/using-vscode.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Yanbing 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Yanbing 
README.md

Author:Quoc Truong 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/test/test-createsymlink.cpp

Author:Indhu Sivaramakrishnan 
Author:Yanbing 
README.md

Author:Quoc Truong 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/test/test-createsymlink.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp

Author:Yanbing 
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/getuserfrompid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getuserfrompid.h
src/libpsl-native/test/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getfileowner.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getuserfrompid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/getfileowner.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getpwuid.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getpwuid.h
src/libpsl-native/src/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/test/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/test/test-getfileowner.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/getfileowner.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getfileowner.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/src/CMakeLists.txt
src/libpsl-native/src/getstat.cpp
src/libpsl-native/src/getstat.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Quoc Truong 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Install-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1

Author:Indhu Sivaramakrishnan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Manikyam Bavandla MSFT 
Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1

Author:Manikyam Bavandla 
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
appveyor.yml

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Jianyun 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
src/Modules/Shared/AppxProvider/AppxProvider.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/AppxProvider/AppxProvider.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/AppxProvider/AppxProvider.psm1
src/Modules/map.json

Author:quoctruong91 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:quoctruong91 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:quoctruong91 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:quoctruong91 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/PackageRepositoryFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithSearchAndSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/SavePackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/UninstallPackage.cs

Author:quoctruong91 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/AdminPrivilege.cs
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-Package.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Install-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Quoc Truong 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Quoc Truong 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Find-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-Package.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Import-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Install-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Find-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-Package.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Get-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Import-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Install-PackageProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PackageManagement/Nuget.Tests.ps1

Author:Quoc Truong 
test/map.json

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/learning-powerShell/debugging-from-commandline.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/learning-powerShell/debugging-from-commandline.md
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md
docs/learning-powerShell/using-ise.md
docs/learning-powerShell/using-vscode.md

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Joey Aiello 
Author:joeyaiello 
demos/modules/ApacheHTTPServer/ApacheVirtualHosts.psm1
demos/modules/CronTab/CronTab.ps1xml
demos/modules/CronTab/CronTab.psd1
demos/modules/CronTab/CronTab.psm1
demos/modules/README.md

Author:joeyaiello 
samples/modules/ApacheHTTPServer/ApacheVirtualHosts.psm1
samples/modules/CronTab/CronTab.ps1xml
samples/modules/CronTab/CronTab.psd1
samples/modules/CronTab/CronTab.psm1
samples/modules/README.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
Author:joeyaiello 
demos/apache.ps1
demos/crontab.ps1
demos/dsc.ps1
demos/json.ps1
demos/remoting.ps1
demos/rest.ps1
demos/xml.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:joeyaiello 
demos/1-PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
build.psm1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs

Author:joeyaiello 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
README.md
docs/community/governance.md
docs/community/legal-licensing.md
docs/dev-process/coding-guidelines.md
docs/dev-process/issue-management-process.md
docs/dev-process/pull-request-rules.md
docs/git/powershell-repository-101.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
README.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/learning-powerShell/learning-powershell.md
docs/learning-powerShell/powershell-beginners-guide.md
docs/learning-powerShell/using-ise.md
docs/learning-powerShell/using-vscode.md
docs/learning-powerShell/vscode.png

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git/basics.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Alex Jordan 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
.gitignore

Author:Travis Plunk 
test/powershell/engine/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Travis Plunk 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Extensions/PackageListExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ExePackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/NupkgInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PowerShellArtifactInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ProgressTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/WebDownloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ZipPackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Sdk/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Modules/Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Core/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Core/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/map.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:adityapatwardhan 
Author:Aditya Patwardhan 
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinLoadException.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Host/assets/Read-Host.Output.expect

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
test/powershell/Host/TabCompletion/BugFix.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CommonUtils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Host/Read-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/assets/Read-Host.Output.expect

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/ProviderServicesImpl.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Alex Jordan 
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/branches.md

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/resources.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git/powershell-repository-101.md

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleBufferBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PublicAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PublicAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/HistoryQueue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KillYank.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PublicAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ScreenCapture.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/VisualEditing.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/libpsl-native/src/followsymlink.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/dev-process/setup-dev-environment.md
docs/dev-process/tryit.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git/committing.md
docs/git/source-depot.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git/basics.md
docs/git/powershell-repository-101.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Eric Slesar 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Indhu Sivaramakrishnan 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:Indhu Sivaramakrishnan 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/map.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/TimeZone.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-TimeZone.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/FileCatalog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/CatalogTestFile1.mof
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/CatalogTestFile2.xml
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/TestFileCatalog.txt
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/TestImage.gif
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion1/UserConfigProviderModVersion1.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion1/UserConfigProviderModVersion1.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion2/UserConfigProviderModVersion2.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion2/UserConfigProviderModVersion2.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion3/UserConfigProviderModVersion3.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/UserConfigProviderModVersion3/UserConfigProviderModVersion3.schema.mof
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/scriptdsc/scriptdsc.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/DSCResources/scriptdsc/scriptdsc.schema.psm1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/TestData/CatalogTestData/UserConfigProv/UserConfigProv.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/TimeZoneCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/TimeZoneResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CatalogCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CatalogStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CatalogHelper.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Quoc Truong 
Author:PowerShell Team 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/CssMainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/Monad.ico
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/MshResources.rc
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/NativeMsh.mc
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/PowerShell.exe.manifest
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/PowerShell_securitybadge.ico
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/version.rc

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell-native/map.json

Author:Alex Jordan 
Author:quoctruong91 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightRequest.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Alex Jordan 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Alex Jordan 
test/powershell/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/EngineInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/MshHostMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/map.json
src/System.Management.Automation/map.json

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:quoctruong91 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightRequest.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:dantraMSFT 
build.psm1

Author:dantraMSFT 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
powershell.sln
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.csproj
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.csproj
src/powershell/powershell.csproj

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
.gitignore

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Host.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/map.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Modules/Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/WSMan.format.ps1xml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.travis.yml
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/internals.md
src/Modules/README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/Full/map.json
src/Modules/map.json
src/powershell/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Core/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Core/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Core/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Full/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Modules/Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.Format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.psd1
src/Modules/Full/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psd1
src/Modules/Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psm1
src/Modules/Full/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.types.ps1xml
src/Modules/Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psd1
src/Modules/Full/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psm1
src/Modules/Full/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitmodules
src/Modules/Shared/AppxProvider/AppxProvider.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/AppxProvider/AppxProvider.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/AppxProvider/AppxProvider.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/ArchiveResources.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataAdapter.ps1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsHelper.ps1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataV4Adapter.ps1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/en-US/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsStrings.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Shared/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PackageManagement/PackageProviderFunctions.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/Pester
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSGet.Format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1
src/Modules/Shared/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.psd1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CommonUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSample.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ExportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/NewWinEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/resources/GetEventResources.resx

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
src/Modules/PowerShellGet/PSGet.Format.ps1xml
src/Modules/PowerShellGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/PowerShellGet/PSModule.psm1
src/Modules/PowerShellGet/PowerShellGet.psd1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Hemant Mahawar 
demos/1-PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:Hemant Mahawar 
demos/0-Install.sh.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Quoc Truong 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageManagementService.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Hemant Mahawar 
demos/0-Install.sh.ps1
demos/1-PowerShellGet.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:quoctruong 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/BootstrapRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageManagementService.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Modules/map.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Alex Jordan 
test/powershell/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher 
test/powershell/CmdletExample.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Host/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Interop/DotNet/DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Interop/DotNet/DotNetInterop.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Language/Operators/ComparisonOperator.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Remove-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Hierarchical-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Pop-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Push-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/assets/SortTest.txt
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Xml.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Default-Aliases.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Culture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-EventSubscriber.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSCallStack.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-RunspaceDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-TraceSource.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-UICulture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Group-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-LocalizedData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-EngineEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-ObjectEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-XML.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Sort-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Test-Mocks.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Wait-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Output.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Verbose.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/XMLCommand.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/TestCsv.csv
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/TestCsv2.csv
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/de-DE/localized.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/en-US/localized.psd1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/localized.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/pesteralias.txt
test/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/assets/testablescript.ps1
test/powershell/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/CmdletExample.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/SDK/assets/TestJson.json
test/powershell/Scripting/NativeExecution/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Alex Jordan 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Alex Jordan 
test/powershell/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
test/powershell/Invoke-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs

Author:quoctruong 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/BootstrapRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PowerShellMetaProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageManagementService.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/ProviderBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/ProviderServicesImpl.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/ExceptionExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/FilesystemExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/Manifest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/NativeMethods.cs
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.Format.ps1xml
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSModule.psm1
src/Modules/map.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/powershell/Program.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/powershell/Program.cs

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.cs
src/powershell/Program.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/powershell/Program.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Schemas/PSMaml/ITPro.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/Maml.rld
src/Schemas/PSMaml/Maml.tbr
src/Schemas/PSMaml/Maml.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/Maml.xsx
src/Schemas/PSMaml/Maml_HTML.xsl
src/Schemas/PSMaml/Maml_HTML_Style.xsl
src/Schemas/PSMaml/ManagedDeveloper.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/ManagedDeveloperStructure.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/ProviderHelp.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/base.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/baseConditional.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/block.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/blockCommon.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/blockSoftware.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/command.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/conditionSet.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developer.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerCommand.rld
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerCommand.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerDscResource.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManaged.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedClass.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedConstructor.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedDelegate.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedEnumeration.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedEvent.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedField.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedInterface.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedMethod.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedNamespace.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedOperator.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedOverload.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedProperty.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerManagedStructure.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerReference.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerStructure.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/developerXaml.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/endUser.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/faq.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/glossary.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/hierarchy.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/inline.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/inlineCommon.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/inlineSoftware.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/inlineUi.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/shellExecute.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/structure.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/structureGlossary.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/structureList.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/structureProcedure.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/structureTable.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/structureTaskExecution.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/task.xsd
src/Schemas/PSMaml/troubleshooting.xsd

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Schemas/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Modules/CimCmdlets/CimCmdlets.psd1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/PSWorkflow/PSWorkflow.types.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/PSWorkflowUtility/PSWorkflowUtility.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/.gitignore

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityBase.cs
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/build.sh

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/powershell/engine/BasicEngine.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/HelpWindow.xaml

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Utility/PathUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Extensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Security.SecureString/SecureString.cs
src/System.Security.SecureString/key.snk
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/build.sh
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/cmdlet-example/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/powershell/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
build.psm1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
assets/Powershell_256.ico
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
Author:Jianyun Tao 
docs/coding-guidelines/coding-guidelines.md
docs/community/governance.md
docs/community/legal-licensing.md
docs/dev-process/breaking-change-contract.md
docs/dev-process/code-review-guidelines.md
docs/dev-process/issue-management-process.md
docs/dev-process/pull-request-rules.md
docs/dev-process/setup-dev-environment.md
docs/dev-process/tryit.md
docs/git/powershell-repository-101.md
docs/testing-guidelines/PesterDoAndDont.md
docs/testing-guidelines/Testing.md
docs/testing-guidelines/WritingPesterTests.md
docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Kapil Borle 
build.psm1

Author:Jianyun Tao 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Xamls/InlineScriptDesigner.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Xamls/PipelineDesigner.xaml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePrompt.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Jason Shirk (POWERSHELL) 
build.psm1

Author:Jianyun 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Don Gill 
README.md

Author:Travis Plunk 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Jianyun Tao 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/git/basics.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Don Gill 
README.md

Author:Don Gill 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
docs/installation/windows.md
docs/releasing/README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/powershell/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StopTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetEvent_Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypesV3_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/ShowCommandHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/outgridview.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/project.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/CommonHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpParagraphBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpWindow.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/HelpWindowSettings.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/ParagraphBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/ParagraphSearcher.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/HelpWindow/SettingsDialog.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/AutomationTextBlock.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/AutomationTextBlockAutomationPeer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/BooleanBoxes.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/CommandHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/CustomTypeComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DataRoutedEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DateTimeApproximationComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DismissiblePopup.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/DismissiblePopup.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ExtendedFrameworkElementAutomationPeer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/IAsyncProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/IStateDescriptorFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/IntegralConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/InverseBooleanConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/IsEqualConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/IsNotNullConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/KeyboardHelp.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizer.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizerItem.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ListOrganizerItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/MessageTextBox.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/MessageTextBox.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PickerBase.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PickerBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PopupControlButton.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PopupControlButton.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/PropertyChangedEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ReadOnlyObservableAsyncCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ScalableImage.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ScalableImage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ScalableImageSource.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/ScalableImageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/StateDescriptor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/StringFormatConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/TextBlockService.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/TextBlockService.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/TextTrimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/Utilities.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/VisualToAncestorDataConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/WeakEventListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/Common/WpfHelp.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/AutomationGroup.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/ExpanderButton.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/ExpanderButton.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/ExpanderButtonAutomationPeer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/Resizer.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/Resizer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/ResizerGripThicknessConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/UIElementAdorner.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/CommonControls/UIElementAdorner.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/DefaultFilterRuleCustomizationFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterEvaluator.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExceptionEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionAndOperatorNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionOperandNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterExpressionNodes/FilterExpressionOrOperatorNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRuleCustomizationFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/ComparableValueFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/DoesNotEqualFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/EqualsFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/FilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/FilterRuleExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsBetweenFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsEmptyFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsGreaterThanFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsLessThanFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsNotEmptyFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/IsNotEmptyValidationRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/PropertiesTextContainsFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/PropertyValueSelectorFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/SelectorFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/SingleValueComparableValueFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextContainsFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextDoesNotContainFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextDoesNotEqualFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextEndsWithFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextEqualsFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterRules/TextStartsWithFilterRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/FilterUtilities.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/IEvaluate.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/IFilterExpressionProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ItemsControlFilterEvaluator.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidatingSelectorValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidatingValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidatingValueBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidationRules/DataErrorInfoValidationResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterCore/ValidationRules/DataErrorInfoValidationRule.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/AddFilterRulePicker.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/AddFilterRulePicker.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/AddFilterRulePickerItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanel.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelContentPresenter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelController.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRulePanelItemType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRuleTemplateSelector.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/FilterRuleToDisplayNameConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/InputFieldBackgroundTextConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/IsValidatingValueValidConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/SearchBox.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/SearchBox.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/SearchTextParseResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/SearchTextParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/ValidatingSelectorValueToDisplayNameConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/FilterProviders/ValidatingValueToGenericParameterTypeConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ColumnPicker.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/DefaultStringConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/IPropertyValueGetter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/InnerList.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/InnerListColumn.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/InnerListGridView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/Innerlist.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementList.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementListStateDescriptor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementListStateDescriptorFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementListTitle.Generated.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ManagementListTitle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/PropertyValueComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/PropertyValueGetter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/UIPropertyGroupDescription.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/ViewGroupToStringConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/WaitRing.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/innerlistcolumn.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ManagementList/ManagementList/managementlist.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/AllModulesControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/CmdletControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ImageButton/ImageButton.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ImageButton/ImageButtonBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ImageButton/ImageButtonTooltipConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ImageButton/ImageToggleButton.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/MultipleSelectionControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/NotImportedCmdletControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ParameterSetControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Controls/ShowModuleControl.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ShowCommandSettings.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/AllModulesViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/CommandEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/CommandViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/HelpNeededEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ImportModuleEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ModuleViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ParameterSetViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/ViewModel/ParameterViewModel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Windows/MultipleSelectionDialog.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Windows/ShowAllModulesWindow.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/ShowCommand/Windows/ShowCommandWindow.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/HelpWindowHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/ShowCommandHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/commandHelpers/outgridview.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/GraphicalHostResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/HelpWindowResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/InvariantResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/ShowCommandResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/UICultureResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/resources/XamlLocalizableResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/AllModulesControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/CmdletControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ColumnPicker.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/HelpWindow.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ImageButton.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ImageButtonCommon.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ImageToggleButton.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/MultipleSelectionControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/MultipleSelectionDialog.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/NotImportedCmdletControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ParameterSetControl.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/SettingsDialog.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ShowAllModulesWindow.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ShowCommandWindow.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/xamls/ShowModuleControl.xaml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.GraphicalHost/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/project.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/project.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/ConnectWSManActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/DisableWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/DisconnectWSManActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/EnableWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/GetWSManCredSSPActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/GetWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/InvokeWSManActionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWSManSessionOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWSManInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWSManQuickConfigActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/Generated/TestWSManActivity.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/AddMemberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/AddTypeActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/CompareObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromJsonActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromStringDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToHtmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToJsonActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ConvertToXmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportClixmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ExportFormatDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetCultureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetDateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetEventSubscriberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetHostActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetMemberActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetRandomActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetTraceSourceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetTypeDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetUICultureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GetUniqueActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/GroupObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ImportClixmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/ImportCsvActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeExpressionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeRestMethodActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/InvokeWebRequestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/MeasureCommandActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/MeasureObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/NewEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/NewTimeSpanActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutPrinterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/OutStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RegisterEngineEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RegisterObjectEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/RemoveEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SelectXmlActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SendMailMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SetDateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SetTraceSourceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/SortObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/StartSleepActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/TeeObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UnblockFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UnregisterEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/UpdateListActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WaitEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteDebugActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteErrorActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteInformationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteOutputActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteProgressActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteVerboseActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/Generated/WriteWarningActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/ImportLocalizedDataActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/resources/GeneratedActivitiesResources.resx

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ConvertFromSecureStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ConvertToSecureStringActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetAclActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetAuthenticodeSignatureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetCmsMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetExecutionPolicyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/GetPfxCertificateActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/ProtectCmsMessageActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetAclActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetAuthenticodeSignatureActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/SetExecutionPolicyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/Generated/UnprotectCmsMessageActivity.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/AddComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/AddContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CheckpointComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ClearRecycleBinActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ConvertPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CopyItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/CopyItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/DisableComputerRestoreActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/EnableComputerRestoreActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetChildItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetComputerRestorePointActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetHotFixActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetItemPropertyValueActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetLocationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetPSDriveActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetPSProviderActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/GetServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/InvokeItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/JoinPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/LimitEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/MoveItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/MoveItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/NewWebServiceProxyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RegisterWmiEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RemoveWmiObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RenameItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResetComputerMachinePasswordActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResolvePathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RestartServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/RestoreComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/ResumeServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetContentActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetItemActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetItemPropertyActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SetWmiInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SplitPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StartProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StartServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopComputerActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/StopServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/SuspendServiceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestComputerSecureChannelActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestConnectionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/TestPathActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/WaitProcessActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/Generated/WriteEventLogActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/RestartComputerActivity.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/ExportCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/GetCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/GetWinEventActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/ImportCounterActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/Generated/NewWinEventActivity.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/DisablePSRemotingActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/DisablePSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/EnablePSRemotingActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/EnablePSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ForEachObjectActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetCommandActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetModuleActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetPSSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/GetPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/NewModuleManifestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/NewPSTransportOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ReceiveJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RegisterPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RemoveJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/RemovePSSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/ResumeJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SaveHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SetPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/StartJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/StopJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/SuspendJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/TestModuleManifestActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/TestPSSessionConfigurationFileActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/UnregisterPSSessionConfigurationActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/UpdateHelpActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/WaitJobActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/Generated/WhereObjectActivity.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/ActivityGenerator.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimAssociatedInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimClassActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/GetPSWorkflowData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/InlineScript.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/InlineScriptDesigner.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/InvokeCimMethodActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/IsArgumentSet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimSessionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/NewCimSessionOptionActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/PSPersist.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/Pipeline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/PipelineDesigner.xaml.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/PowerShellValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/RemoveCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/SetCimInstanceActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/SetHostValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/ThrottledParallelForeach.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/WmiActivities.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Activities/WorkflowJobConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Xamls/InlineScriptDesigner.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/Xamls/PipelineDesigner.xaml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/resources/ActivityResources.resx

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.Activities/map.json
src/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.Activities/map.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataAdapter.ps1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psd1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils.psm1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsHelper.ps1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataV4Adapter.ps1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtils/en-US/Microsoft.PowerShell.ODataUtilsStrings.psd1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/map.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ControlPanelItemCommand.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.travis.yml
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitmodules
src/windows-build

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/FAQ.md
docs/git/committing.md
docs/git/submodules.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
nuget.config

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Modules/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/PackageManagement/PackageManagement.psd1
src/Modules/PackageManagement/PackageProviderFunctions.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Quoc Truong 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Quoc Truong 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/project.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/project.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/CabArchiver.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveException.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveFileStreamContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveProgressEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/ArchiveProgressType.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/BasicUnpackStreamContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabEngine.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabException.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabPacker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabUnpacker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/CabWorker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/HandleManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Cab/NativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/CargoStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/CompressionEngine.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/CompressionLevel.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/DuplicateStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/IPackStreamContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/IUnpackStreamContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/OffsetStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/SafeNativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ConcatStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/CrcStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipCompressionMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipEngine.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipException.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipFormat.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipPacker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Compression/Zip/ZipUnpacker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/ZipArchiver.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Archivers.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/BootstrapProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/BootstrapRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/Feed.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/Package.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Bootstrap/Swid.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/ProgramsProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/WebDownloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Providers.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Dependency.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/DynamicOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Entity.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Enums.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Feature.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Link.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PowerShellExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PowerShellMetaProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PowerShellPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/PowerShellProviderBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Request.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/SoftwareIdentity.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/Yieldable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/BitmapResource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/FixedFileVersionInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/GroupIconInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/GroupIconResource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/NativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/Resource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/ResourceCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/ResourceType.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/VersionEnums.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/VersionInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/VersionResource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/Resources/VersionStringTable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/Attributes.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/Entities.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/QDatabase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/QRecord.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/QTable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Linq/Query.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Package/InstallPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Package/InstallPath.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Package/PatchPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller.Package/TransformInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ColumnCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ColumnEnums.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ComponentInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ComponentInstallation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/CustomActionAttribute.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/CustomActionProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Database.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/DatabaseQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/DatabaseTransform.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/EmbeddedUIProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Enums.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Exceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ExternalUIHandler.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/FeatureInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/FeatureInstallation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Handle.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/IEmbeddedUI.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/InstallCost.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Installation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/InstallationPart.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Installer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/InstallerAdvertise.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/InstallerUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/MediaDisk.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/NativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/PatchInstallation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ProductInstallation.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Record.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/RecordStream.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/RemotableNativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Session.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ShortcutTarget.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/SourceList.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/SourceMediaList.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/SummaryInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/TableCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/TableInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/Transaction.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/ValidationErrorInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/View.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Deployment/WindowsInstaller/customactiondata.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/MsiProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Msi.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/MsuProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Msu.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NuGetExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightClient.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightConstant.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/NugetLightRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/IPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/IPackageName.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/PackageBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/PackageDependency.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/PackageDependencySet.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/PackageItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Package/PackageName.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/PackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/HttpClientPackageRepository.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/IPackageRepository.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/IPackageRepositoryFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/LocalPackageRepository.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Repository/PackageRepositoryFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Sdk/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Sdk/ErrorCategory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Sdk/Request.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Utility/NuGetPathUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Utility/PackageUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/Utility/ProgressTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/nugetlightprovider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Extensions/PackageListExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ExePackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/NupkgInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageListRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/PowerShellArtifactInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ProgressTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/WebDownloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/PackageList/ZipPackageInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/Sdk/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/provider.manifest
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Api/ICoreApi.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Api/IHostAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Api/IProviderServices.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Api/IRequest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Api/IResponseApi.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/ErrorCategory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/IPackageManagementService.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/ActionRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/Archiver.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/DefaultPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/DictionaryRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/Downloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/DynamicOptionRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/EnumerableRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/Extensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/FuncRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageDetailsRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageManagementService.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/PackageSourceRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/ProviderBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/ProviderServicesImpl.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/Request.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/RequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Implementation/SoftwareIdentityRequestObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/PackageManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/AttributeIndexer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/BaseElement.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Directory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/DynamicOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Entity.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Evidence.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/File.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/FilesystemItem.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Iso19770_2.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Link.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/MediaQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Meta.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/MetadataIndexer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/OptionCategory.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/OptionType.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/PackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Payload.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Resource.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/ResourceCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/SoftwareIdentity.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/SoftwareIdentityNameVersionComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/SoftwareIdentityVersionComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/SoftwareMetadata.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Packaging/Swidtag.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/ReadMe.txt
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/AsyncAction.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/AsyncActionExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/EmptyAsyncEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/IAsyncAction.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/IAsyncEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Async/IAsyncValue.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/BlockingCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/CancellableEnumerator.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/EnumerableExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/FilenameEqualityComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/ICancellableEnumerator.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/List.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/MutableEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/OrderedDictionary.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/PathEqualityComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Collections/ReEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/DelegateExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/DictionaryExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/EqualityComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/ExceptionExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/FilesystemExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/HashtableExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/Singleon.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/StringExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/TaskExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/ThreadPerTaskScheduler.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Extensions/Types.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/AdminPrivilege.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/AsyncProcess.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/Manifest.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/MoveFileFlags.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/NativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/WinTrustData.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Platform/WinTrustFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/AssignableTypeComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/DynamicInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/DynamicInterfaceExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/DynamicType.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/DynamicTypeExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/FluentIlExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/RequiredAttribute.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Plugin/WrappedDelegate.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Versions/FourPartVersion.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/Utility/Versions/TwoPartVersion.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IArchiver.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IDownloader.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IMetaProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/IProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/EnumerableExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/EqualityComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/Extensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/FilesystemExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/MutableEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Extensions/ReEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Utility/FileUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Utility/PathUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Utility/XmlUtility.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Version/DependencyVersion.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Version/SemanticVersion.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/providers/inbox/Common/Version/SemanticVersionTypeConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/resources/Microsoft.PackageManagement.Resources.Messages.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/AsyncCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithSearch.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithSearchAndSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/CmdletWithSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/FindPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/FindPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/GetPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/GetPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/GetPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/ImportPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/InstallPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/InstallPackageProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/RegisterPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/SavePackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/SetPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/UninstallPackage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Cmdlets/UnregisterPackageSource.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/CustomRuntimeDefinedParameter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/ErrorMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/HostApiExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/ProgressTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/ValidateListAttribute.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/Utility/WebProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/resources/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement.Resources.Messages.resx

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Quoc Truong 
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.ArchiverProviders/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.CoreProviders/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MetaProvider.PowerShell/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsiProvider/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.MsuProvider/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.NuGetProvider/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement.PackageSourceListProvider/map.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PackageManagement/map.json
src/Modules/map.json

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.def

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell-native/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/windows-build

Author:Dongbo Wang 
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/project.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityCategories.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityHostManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityHostProcess.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ActivityUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ConnectionManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/Constants.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/DefaultWorkflowSessionConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/DefinitionCache.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/AsyncResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/FileInstanceStore.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/InstanceStoreCryptography.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/InstanceStorePermission.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/TypedAsyncResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/TypedCompletedAsyncResult.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/FileInstanceStore/WorkflowAdditionalStores.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/GlobalConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/ImportWorkflowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/LocalRunspaceProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/NewPSWorkflowExecutionOptionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSActivityHostManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSCleanupActivity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSRemotingActivitiesBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSSelfRemotingActivitiesBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PSWorkflowHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/PowerShellWorkflowHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/RuntimeBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/TimeBasedCache.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowDebugger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJob2.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowJobSourceAdapter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowManager.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowMetadatas.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowPerformanceCounterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowRuntimeCompilation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowStatusEventArgs.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowTimers.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowTrackingParticipant.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/ServiceCore/WorkflowCore/WorkflowValidation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/resources/Resources.resx

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Workflow.ServiceCore/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.cpp

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell-native/.gitignore

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/entrypoints.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshclrhost.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshheaders.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.dll.manifest
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugin.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshpluginResources.rc
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshplugindefs.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/pwrshpluginerrorcodes.mc
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshplugin/version.rc

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
src/powershell-native/.gitignore
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/.gitignore

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/AssemblyMetadataHelper.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerInfoResources.resx

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Sort-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Sort-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/XMLCommand.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/XMLCommand.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/project.json
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/windows-build

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.Format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/PSScheduledJob/PSScheduledJob.types.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobSourceAdapter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobStore.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/ScheduledJobWTS.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/AddJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobDefinitionBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/DisableJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableDisableCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/EnableJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/GetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/NewJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/NewScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RegisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/RemoveJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SchedJobCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/ScheduledJobOptionCmdletBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetJobTrigger.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/SetScheduledJobOption.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/commands/UnregisterJobDefinition.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/resources/ScheduledJobErrorStrings.resx

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ScheduledJob/map.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:KarolKaczmarek 
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/cmdlet-example/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/key.snk
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts.format.ps1xml
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.psd1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/map.json
src/powershell/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/internals.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/internals.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore
src/powershell-native/.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/map.json
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ArchitectureSensitiveAttribute.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CIMHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityCommonStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StopTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/SetLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Exceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Extensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Native.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/NtStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Sam.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/SamApi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/StringUtil.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSModule.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/DotNetTypes_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinderHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspaceinfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DisconnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/removerunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ClassOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/map.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/map.json
src/System.Management.Automation/map.json
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ArchitectureSensitiveAttribute.cs
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell-native/map.json
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.h

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/resources/GetEventResources.txt

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CommonUtils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterFileInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSample.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/CounterSet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ExportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/GetEventSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/ImportCounterCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/NewWinEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/PdhSafeHandle.cs

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/map.json

Author:Chunqing Chen 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Diagnostics/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1

Author:v-alexjo 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/powershell/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1

Author:v-alexjo 
test/powershell/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1

Author:v-alexjo 
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/powershell/PSDebugging.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Hierarchical-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/NavigationProviderBase.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/windows-build

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
src/windows-build

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/resources.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Get-Member.Tests.ps1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/windows-build

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/AddLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/DisableLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/EnableLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/GetLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/NewLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/NewLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalGroupMemberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RemoveLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RenameLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/RenameLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/SetLocalGroupCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Commands/SetLocalUserCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Exceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Extensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/LocalGroup.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/LocalPrincipal.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/LocalUser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Native.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/NtStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/PInvokeDllNames.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/Sam.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/SamApi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts/StringUtil.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/resources/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.Strings.resx
src/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/LocalAccounts.format.ps1xml
src/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts.psd1

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/map.json
src/powershell/map.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/project.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/map.json

Author:Dongbo Wang 
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeTransactionHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearRecycleBinCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommitTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RegisterWMIEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemoveWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RollbackTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/StartTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/UseTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/singleshell/installer/MshManagementMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ExpressionColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/HeaderInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OriginalColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ScalarTypeColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/TableView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ContentHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/HtmlWebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/InvokeRestMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/InvokeWebRequestCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObjectTypeResolver.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestPSCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseObjectFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/singleshell/installer/MshUtilityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CmsCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/singleshell/installer/MshSecurityMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoolArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoundDispEvent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinderHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComClassMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComDispIds.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSink.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinkProxy.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinksContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComFallbackMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComHresults.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInterop.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeAction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMethodDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeClassDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeEnumDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibMemberDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConversionArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertibleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CurrencyArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DateTimeArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallableMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispatchArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ErrorArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Errors.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ExcepInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Helpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IPseudoComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/NullArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SimpleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SplatCallSite.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/StringArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeEnumMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibInfoMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/UnknownArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Variant.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArray.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSNegotiationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSPowerShellPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/KnownMITypes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MITypeSerializationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/PSMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactedString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInvoke.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeTransactionHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RegistryStringResourceIndirect.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/CustomMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshCoreMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapinInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/BackgroundDispatcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetInstanceBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1
docs/workflow/mapping.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/mapping.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
mapping.json
src/Microsoft.PackageManagement/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/map.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/map.json
src/Modules/map.json
src/System.Management.Automation/map.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/map.json
src/powershell-native/map.json
src/powershell/map.json
src/signing/map.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.psm1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/osx.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1
tools/.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverterMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwEventCorrelator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/IMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/Tracing.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/TracingGen.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
src/powershell/project.json
test/PSReadLine/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.travis.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Base-Directory.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/XDGBDS.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/XDGBDS.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/XDGBDS.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Profile.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/XDGBDS.Tests.ps1

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
test/powershell/Profile.Tests.ps1

Author:v-alexjo 
test/powershell/Profile.Tests.ps1

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
assets/Powershell_16.png
assets/Powershell_20.png
assets/Powershell_24.png
assets/Powershell_256.png
assets/Powershell_32.png
assets/Powershell_40.png
assets/Powershell_48.png
assets/Powershell_64.png

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
assets/Product.wxs
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/debugging/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/debug.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tools/debug.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
docs/building/linux.md
tools/download.sh

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/debugging/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/cmdlet-example/README.md
docs/cmdlet-example/SendGreeting.Tests.ps1
docs/cmdlet-example/project.json

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
tools/Sign-Package.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Get-TraceSource.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Trace-Command.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/GetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1
src/powershell/project.json
test/csharp/project.json

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Write-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Output.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Select-XML.Tests.ps1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
build.psm1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
build.psm1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
build.psm1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
appveyor.yml

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
appveyor.yml

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
appveyor.yml

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
.gitignore
Assets/Powershell_16.png
Assets/Powershell_20.png
Assets/Powershell_24.png
Assets/Powershell_256.png
Assets/Powershell_32.png
Assets/Powershell_40.png
Assets/Powershell_48.png
Assets/Powershell_64.png
appveyor.yml
build.psm1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Member.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-PSCallStack.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/New-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Select-XML.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/windows-build

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSModule.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleSpecification.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoveModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/FormatAndTypeDataHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntryCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/NativeMsh.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/MainEntry.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Select-XML.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/New-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/New-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/releasing/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/osx.md
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
mapping.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Member.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Member.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Remove-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/osx.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:James Truher 
.gitignore

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Write-Host.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Write-Debug.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Author:v-alexjo 
.vscode/tasks.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Raghu Shantha [MSFT] 
Product.wxs
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Remove-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:Jan Kotas 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/PowerShellAssemblyLoader.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.cs

Author:Jan Kotas 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Jim Truher (MSFT) 
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:Jim Truher (MSFT) 
test/powershell/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/windows-build

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSModule.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PInvokeDllNames.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/MainEntry.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CancellationMode.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimApplication.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncCallbacksReceiverBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncCancellationDisposable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncClassObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncClassObserverProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncDelegatedObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncIndicationObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncIndicationObserverProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncInstanceObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncInstanceObserverProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncMethodResultObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncMethodResultObserverProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncObservableBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncObserverProxyBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncResult.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimClassPropertiesCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimClassPropertyOfClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimClassQualifierCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimCredential.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimDeserializer.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimException.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimFlags.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimKeyedCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodDeclaration.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodDeclarationCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodDeclarationOfClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameter.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterBackedByCimProperty.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterDeclaration.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterDeclarationCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterDeclarationOfMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterQualifierCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterQualifierOfMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParametersCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodQualifierCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodQualifierOfMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodResult.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodResultBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodStreamedResult.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMofDeserializer.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMofSerializer.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimOperation.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimOperationFlags.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimOperationOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimPropertiesCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimProperty.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimPropertyDeclaration.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimPropertyOfInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimPropertyQualifierCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimPropertyStandalone.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimQualifier.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimQualifierOfClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimQualifierOfProperty.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimReadOnlyKeyedCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSemantics.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSerializer.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSession.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSessionOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSubscriptionDeliveryOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSubscriptionResult.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncClassEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncClassEnumerator.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncEnumerableBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncEnumeratorBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncIndicationEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncIndicationEnumerator.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncInstanceEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncInstanceEnumerator.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSystemProperties.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimType.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/ConvertingObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/DComSessionOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/EmptyDisposable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/Helpers.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/ImpersonationType.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/NativeErrorCode.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/PacketEncoding.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/ProxyType.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/SharedInstanceHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/Strings.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/WSManSessionOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
mapping.json

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore
appveyor.yml
build.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Write-Debug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Host.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Write-Debug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Error.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Write-Debug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Output.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Select-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/ConvertTo-Xml.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/cmdlet-example/SendGreeting.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
download.sh

Author:James Truher 
.gitignore
build.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/powershell/project.json
test/powershell/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/windows-build

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CIMHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetComputerInfoCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSModule.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FileSystemProviderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell/Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
mapping.json

Author:Jim Truher (MSFT) 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Jim Truher (MSFT) 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
test/powershell/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
mapping.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
appveyor.yml
build.psm1
build.sh
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/windows-core.md
docs/building/windows-full.md
docs/workflow/mapping.md
docs/workflow/resources.md
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/testing/PesterDoAndDont.md
docs/testing/Testing.md
docs/testing/WritingPesterTests.md

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Select-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/EngineInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/MshHostMshSnapin.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Error.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
test/powershell/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Progress.Tests.ps1

Author:Jason Shirk 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Executor.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/README.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/host.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/readline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/ui.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell/Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
mapping.json
src/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/powershell/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/powershell/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/powershell/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/powershell/Program.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/libpsl-native/CMakeLists.txt
src/powershell/.gitignore
src/powershell/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/fixture_AssemblyLoadContext.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/ConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/EngineInstaller.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/MshHostMshSnapin.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/libpsl-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/cmdlet-example/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/ConvertTo-Xml.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Select-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:dantraMSFT 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Export-FormatData.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Export-FormatData.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Remove-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Hemant Mahawar 
docs/README.md

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Remove-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Dicey Dai 
test/powershell/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1

Author:Ting Liu [Wicresoft] 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Group-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/debugging/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.vscode/launch.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.vscode/launch.json
.vscode/tasks.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/ConvertFrom-StringData.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Random.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Random.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Random.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Random.Tests.ps1

Author:dantraMSFT 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:dantraMSFT 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/windows-build

Author:dantraMSFT 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:dantraMSFT 
nuget.config
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native-stub.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json

Author:dantraMSFT 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Bryce Milton 
Author:Bryce Milton 
test/powershell/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1

Author:Bryce Milton 
test/powershell/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Join-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/PSReadLine.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json

Author:Steve Lee 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/cmdlet-example/SendGreeting.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/CmdletExample.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/cmdlet-example/NuGet.config
docs/cmdlet-example/README.md
docs/cmdlet-example/SendGreeting.cs
docs/cmdlet-example/project.json

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1

Author:Bryce Milton 
test/powershell/Clear-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Join-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-EventLog.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-EventLog.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KillYank.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PublicAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ScreenCapture.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:dgrala 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/windows-build

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psd1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSModule.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs

Author:Darek Grala 
mapping.json

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/PSReadLine/Program.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/PSReadLine/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/PSReadLine/App.config
test/PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
test/PSReadLine/Program.cs
test/PSReadLine/TestPSReadLine.csproj
test/PSReadLine/packages.config

Author:George Fleming 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Jason Shirk 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.Designer.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Modules/PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/project.json

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/HistoryQueue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KillYank.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Options.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ScreenCapture.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/VisualEditing.vi.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/project.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/BasicEditing.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Changes.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Cmdlets.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Completion.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleBufferBuilder.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleKeyChordConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ConsoleLib.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Disposable.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/History.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/HistoryQueue.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KeyBindings.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Keys.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/KillYank.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/License.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Movement.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Options.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.csproj
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLine.sln
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PSReadLineResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/PublicAPI.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ReadLine.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Render.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Replace.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/SamplePSReadlineProfile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/ScreenCapture.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/UndoRedo.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/VisualEditing.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/Words.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/YankPaste.vi.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/en-US/PSReadline.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/en-US/about_PSReadline.help.txt
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.PSReadLine/packages.config

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Format-Table.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
appveyor.yml
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/osx.md
docs/building/windows-core.md
docs/building/windows-full.md
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json
test/csharp/project.json

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
docs/Testing/Testing.md

Author:Jim Truher (MSFT) 
docs/Testing/PesterDoAndDont.md
docs/Testing/Testing.md
docs/Testing/WritingPesterTests.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/ui.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Write-Progress.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/releasing/README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/windows-core.md
docs/workflow/resources.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/main.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Add-Member.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Culture.Tests.ps1

Author:Bryce Milton 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/readline.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/CoreConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/CoreConsoleHost.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Bryce Milton 
test/powershell/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Bryce Milton 
test/powershell/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Bryce Milton 
test/powershell/Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Bryce Milton 
test/powershell/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogGen/build.sh
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json

Author:George Fleming 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpNotFoundException.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Bryce Milton 
test/powershell/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Add-Member.Tests.ps1

Author:Bryce Milton 
test/powershell/Add-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Clear-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Dicey Dai 
test/powershell/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Dicey Dai 
test/powershell/New-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docs/FAQ.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Host.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Culture.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Add-Member.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:James Truher 
src/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/New-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/New-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/New-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/main.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/ui.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docs/building/osx.md

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/host.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/ui.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Get-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/project.json

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/main.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Error.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
docs/building/linux.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
docs/building/osx.md
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/osx.md
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
omibuild.sh
psrp.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
download.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
bootstrap.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
download.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Modules/Pester

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/main.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.Format.ps1xml
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSModule.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/building/psrp.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/omi
src/omi-provider

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
download.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Write-Output.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/installation/linux.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
package/powershell

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
test/powershell/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/Microsoft.PowerShellCore_profile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
mapping.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Default-Aliases.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Select-String.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/PSL_profile.ps1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform.psd1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SpecialVariables.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform.psd1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/host.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
appveyor.yml
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/osx.md
docs/building/windows-core.md
mapping.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/host.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/readline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/ui.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs
src/libpsl-native/CMakeLists.txt
test/csharp/fixture_AssemblyLoadContext.cs
test/csharp/project.json
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/.gitignore
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/PSL_profile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/README.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/host.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/readline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreConsoleHost/ui.cs

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/building/linux.md
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/git/basics.md
docs/git/committing.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/git/basics.md
docs/git/committing.md
docs/git/submodules.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/New-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearRecycleBinCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommitTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RegisterWMIEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemoveWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RollbackTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/StartTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/UseTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/singleshell/installer/MshManagementMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ExpressionColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/HeaderInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OriginalColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ScalarTypeColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/TableView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ContentHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/HtmlWebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/InvokeRestMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/InvokeWebRequestCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObjectTypeResolver.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestPSCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseObjectFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/GetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/singleshell/installer/MshUtilityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CmsCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/singleshell/installer/MshSecurityMshSnapin.cs
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSModule.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoolArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoundDispEvent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinderHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComClassMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComDispIds.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSink.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinkProxy.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinksContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComFallbackMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComHresults.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInterop.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeAction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMethodDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeClassDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeEnumDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibMemberDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConversionArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertibleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CurrencyArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DateTimeArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallableMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispatchArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ErrorArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Errors.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ExcepInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Helpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IPseudoComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/NullArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SimpleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SplatCallSite.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/StringArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeEnumMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibInfoMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/UnknownArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Variant.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArray.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSNegotiationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSPowerShellPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/KnownMITypes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MITypeSerializationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/PSMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateNavigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactedString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInvoke.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeRegistryHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeTransactionHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RegistryStringResourceIndirect.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/CustomMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshCoreMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapinInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/BackgroundDispatcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetInstanceBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverterMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwEventCorrelator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/IMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/Tracing.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/TracingGen.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.cpp

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearRecycleBinCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommitTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RegisterWMIEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemoveWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RollbackTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/StartTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/UseTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/singleshell/installer/MshManagementMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ExpressionColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/HeaderInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OriginalColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ScalarTypeColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/TableView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ContentHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/HtmlWebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/InvokeRestMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/InvokeWebRequestCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObjectTypeResolver.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestPSCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseObjectFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/GetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/singleshell/installer/MshUtilityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CmsCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/singleshell/installer/MshSecurityMshSnapin.cs
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSModule.psm1
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoolArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoundDispEvent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinderHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComClassMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComDispIds.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSink.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinkProxy.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinksContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComFallbackMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComHresults.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInterop.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeAction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMethodDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeClassDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeEnumDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibMemberDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConversionArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertibleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CurrencyArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DateTimeArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallableMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispatchArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ErrorArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Errors.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ExcepInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Helpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IPseudoComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/NullArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SimpleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SplatCallSite.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/StringArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeEnumMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibInfoMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/UnknownArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Variant.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArray.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSNegotiationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSPowerShellPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/KnownMITypes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MITypeSerializationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/PSMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateNavigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactedString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInvoke.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeRegistryHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeTransactionHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RegistryStringResourceIndirect.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/CustomMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshCoreMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapinInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/BackgroundDispatcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetInstanceBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverterMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwEventCorrelator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/IMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/Tracing.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/TracingGen.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.cpp

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/mapping.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/branches.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Ting Liu [Wicresoft] 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/mapping.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/mapping.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/resources.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/branches.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/workflow/resources.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git/committing.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/README.md
test/powershell/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/building/osx.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/building/linux.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore
src/powershell-native/.gitignore

Author:Charu 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/windows-build

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
mapping.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSnapInCmdletResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resx

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
pester.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/update-content.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
xunit.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/project.json

Author:PowerShell Team 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
appveyor.yml
build.sh
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/host.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/readline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/ui.cs
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs
src/libpsl-native/CMakeLists.txt
test/csharp/fixture_AssemblyLoadContext.cs
test/csharp/project.json
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs
xunit.sh

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/AppxProvider/AppxProvider.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/AppxProvider/AppxProvider.psd1
src/Modules/AppxProvider/AppxProvider.psm1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/ArchiveResources.psd1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psd1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive.psm1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host.psd1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Modules/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Microsoft.WSMan.Management.psd1
src/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.Format.ps1xml
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.Resource.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSGet.psd1
src/Modules/PSGet/PSModule.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/.gitignore
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/PSL_profile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/README.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/host.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/readline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/ui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/update-content.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
mapping.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/Modules/Pester

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/libpsl-native/.gitmodules

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/libpsl-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
bootstrap.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/debugging/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/debugging/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.vscode/launch.json
.vscode/tasks.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExternalScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspaceinfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/EnterPSHostProcessCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/remotingerroridstrings.resx

Author:Paul Allen 
docs/building/psrp.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
test/csharp/project.json

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docs/installation/linux.md
docs/installation/windows.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/git/basics.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docs/debugging/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.vscode/launch.json
.vscode/tasks.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docs/building/psrp.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/README.md
test/powershell/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
monad-docker.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docs/building/windows-full.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docs/building/windows-core.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docs/building/osx.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
docs/building/linux.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/Dependencies.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/Native Tests.md
docs/Testing.md
docs/xUnit Tests.md
test/powershell/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/git/basics.md
docs/git/committing.md
docs/git/source-depot.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearRecycleBinCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommitTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RegisterWMIEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemoveWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RollbackTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/StartTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/UseTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/singleshell/installer/MshManagementMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ExpressionColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/HeaderInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OriginalColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ScalarTypeColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/TableView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ContentHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/HtmlWebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/InvokeRestMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/InvokeWebRequestCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObjectTypeResolver.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestPSCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseObjectFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/GetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/singleshell/installer/MshUtilityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CmsCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/singleshell/installer/MshSecurityMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsPlatform.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoolArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoundDispEvent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinderHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComClassMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComDispIds.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSink.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinkProxy.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinksContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComFallbackMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComHresults.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInterop.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeAction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMethodDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeClassDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeEnumDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibMemberDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConversionArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertibleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CurrencyArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DateTimeArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallableMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispatchArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ErrorArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Errors.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ExcepInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Helpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IPseudoComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/NullArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SimpleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SplatCallSite.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/StringArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeEnumMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibInfoMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/UnknownArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Variant.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArray.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSNegotiationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSPowerShellPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/KnownMITypes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MITypeSerializationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/PSMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateNavigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactedString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInvoke.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeRegistryHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeTransactionHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RegistryStringResourceIndirect.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/CustomMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshCoreMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapinInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/BackgroundDispatcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetInstanceBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverterMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwEventCorrelator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/IMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/Tracing.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/TracingGen.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.cpp

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitmodules
.travis.yml
README.md
appveyor.yml
src/monad

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/windows-build

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:PowerShell Team 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CancellationMode.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimApplication.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncCallbacksReceiverBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncCancellationDisposable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncClassObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncClassObserverProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncDelegatedObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncIndicationObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncIndicationObserverProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncInstanceObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncInstanceObserverProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncMethodResultObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncMethodResultObserverProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncObservableBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncObserverProxyBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncResult.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimAsyncStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimClassPropertiesCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimClassPropertyOfClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimClassQualifierCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimCredential.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimDeserializer.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimException.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimFlags.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimKeyedCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodDeclaration.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodDeclarationCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodDeclarationOfClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameter.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterBackedByCimProperty.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterDeclaration.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterDeclarationCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterDeclarationOfMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterQualifierCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParameterQualifierOfMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodParametersCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodQualifierCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodQualifierOfMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodResult.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodResultBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMethodStreamedResult.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMofDeserializer.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimMofSerializer.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimOperation.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimOperationFlags.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimOperationOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimPropertiesCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimProperty.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimPropertyDeclaration.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimPropertyOfInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimPropertyQualifierCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimPropertyStandalone.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimQualifier.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimQualifierOfClass.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimQualifierOfProperty.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimReadOnlyKeyedCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSemantics.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSerializer.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSession.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSessionOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSubscriptionDeliveryOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSubscriptionResult.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncClassEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncClassEnumerator.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncEnumerableBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncEnumeratorBase.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncIndicationEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncIndicationEnumerator.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncInstanceEnumerable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSyncInstanceEnumerator.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimSystemProperties.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/CimType.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/ConvertingObservable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/DComSessionOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/EmptyDisposable.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/Helpers.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/ImpersonationType.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/NativeErrorCode.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/PacketEncoding.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/ProxyType.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/SharedInstanceHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/Strings.Designer.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/WSManSessionOptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/SessionBasedWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/CimJobException.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/CreateInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/DeleteInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/EnumerateAssociatedInstancesJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/ExtrinsicMethodInvocationJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/InstanceMethodInvocationJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/MethodInvocationJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/ModifyInstanceJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/PropertySettingJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/QueryJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/QueryJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/StaticMethodInvocationJob.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/TerminatingErrorTracker.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimChildJobBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimCmdletDefinitionContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimCmdletInvocationContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimConverter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimJobContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimOperationOptionsHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/cimWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/clientSideQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/AddContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ClearRecycleBinCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CombinePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommandsCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CommitTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Computer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ConvertPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/CopyPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Eventlog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetChildrenCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/GetWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Hotfix.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/InvokeWMIMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/MovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Navigation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/NewPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ParsePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PassThroughPropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PingPathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Process.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/PropertyCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RegisterWMIEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemovePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RemoveWMIObjectCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RenamePropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/ResolvePathCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/RollbackTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/Service.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetClipboardCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetContentCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetPropertyCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/SetWMIInstanceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/StartTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/UseTransactionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WMIHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WebServiceProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/commands/management/WriteContentCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ClearRecycleBinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ClipboardResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/CmdletizationResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ComputerResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ControlPanelResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/EventlogResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/HotFixResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ManagementMshSnapInResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/NavigationResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessCommandHelpResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ProcessResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/ServiceResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/TransactionResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/WebServiceResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/resources/WmiResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/singleshell/installer/MshManagementMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/AddType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CSVCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConsoleColorCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Csv.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/CustomSerializationStrings.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/DebugRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Disable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Enable-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/EnableDisableRunspaceDebugCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ExportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ExpressionColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/HeaderInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OriginalColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutGridViewCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/OutWindowProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/ScalarTypeColumnInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/OutGridView/TableView.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/GetFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/WriteFormatDataCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-list/Format-List.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-object/format-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-table/Format-Table.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-wide/Format-Wide.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-file/Out-File.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/PrinterLineOutput.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-printer/out-printer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-string/out-string.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Get-PSCallStack.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetCultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetEventSubscriberCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetHostCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetMember.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRandomCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetRunspaceCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUICultureCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/GetUnique.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImplicitRemotingCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Import-LocalizedData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ImportAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/InvokeCommandCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/MatchString.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Measure-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/NewTimeSpanCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ObjectCommandComparer.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/OrderObjectBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ReadConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterObjectEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RegisterPSEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Remove-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/RemoveEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Send-MailMessage.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetAliasCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/SetDateCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandCommandInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandModuleInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterSetInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandParameterType.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/ShowCommand/ShowCommandProxy.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/StartSleepCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/TimeExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnblockFile.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UnregisterEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-Data.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Update-TypeData.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/UtilityCommon.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Var.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WaitEventCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/BasicHtmlWebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ContentHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertFromJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/ConvertToJsonCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/FormObjectCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/HtmlWebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/InvokeRestMethodCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/InvokeWebRequestCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/JsonObjectTypeResolver.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/PSUserAgent.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/StreamHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebCmdletElementCollection.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestMethod.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestPSCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebRequestSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseHelper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseObject.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WebCmdlet/WebResponseObjectFactory.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/Write-Object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteAliasCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteConsoleCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/WriteProgressCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/XmlCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/compare-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/convert-HTML.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/group-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/new-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/neweventcommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/select-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/sort-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/tee-object.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/GetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/MshHostTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/SetTracerCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceExpressionCommand.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/trace/TraceListenerCommandBase.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/update-list.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/commands/utility/write.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AddMember.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AddTypeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/AliasCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertFromStringData.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertFromStringResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ConvertStringResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/CsvCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/Debugger.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/EventingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/FlashExtractStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/FormatAndOut_out_gridview.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetMember.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/GetRandomCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/HostStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/HttpCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImmutableStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImplicitRemotingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/ImportLocalizedDataStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/MatchStringStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/MeasureObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/NewObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/OutPrinterDisplayStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SelectObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SendMailMessageStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/SortObjectStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/TraceCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UpdateDataStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UpdateListStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityCommonStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/UtilityMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/VariableCommandStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WebCmdletStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WriteErrorStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/resources/WriteProgressResourceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/singleshell/installer/MshUtilityMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/CommandLineParameterParser.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleControl.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostTranscript.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePrompt.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfacePromptForChoice.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurity.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleShell.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ConsoleTextWriter.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Executor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ManagedEntrance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/PendingProgress.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressNode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/ProgressPane.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/Serialization.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StartTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/host/msh/StopTranscriptCmdlet.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/CommandLineParameterParserStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleControlStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceSecurityResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ConsoleHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/HostMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ManagedEntranceStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/ProgressNodeStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/resources/TranscriptStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/EngineInstaller.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/singleshell/installer/MshHostMshSnapin.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CoreCLR/CorePsAssemblyLoadContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventDescriptor.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/EventProviderTraceListener.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/CoTaskMemSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/CoTaskMemUnicodeSafeHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventBookmark.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventKeyword.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLevel.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogException.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogHandle.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogInformation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogLink.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogPropertySelector.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogQuery.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogReader.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogRecord.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogSession.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventLogStatus.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventMetadata.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventOpcode.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventProperty.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventPropertyContext.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventRecord.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/EventTask.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/NativeWrapper.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/ProviderMetadata.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/ProviderMetadataCachedInformation.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/Reader/Winmeta.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/DotNetCode/Eventing/UnsafeNativeMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/resources/DotNetEventingStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CertificateCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CertificateProviderStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/CmsCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/ExecutionPolicyCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SecureStringCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SecurityMshSnapinResources.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/SignatureCommands.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/resources/UtilsStrings.resx
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/AclCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CertificateProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CmsCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/CredentialCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/ExecutionPolicyCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SecureStringCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/SignatureCommands.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/Utils.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/security/certificateproviderexceptions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/singleshell/installer/MshSecurityMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/CoreCLR/CorePsStub.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/DscSupport/CimDSCParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/EnumWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/MethodInvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/MethodParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/MethodParametersCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ObjectModelWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/QueryBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/ScriptWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/cim/WildcardPatternToCimQueryParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/CoreCLR/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.objectModel.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/cmdletization/xml/cmdlets-over-objects.xmlSerializer.autogen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/cimSupport/other/ciminstancetypeadapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseFormattingCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/BaseOutputtingCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ColumnWidthManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ComplexWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Certificate_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Diagnostics_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/DotNetTypes_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Event_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/FileSystem_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/HelpV3_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Help_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellCore_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/PowerShellTrace_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/Registry_format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DefaultFormatters/WSMan_Format_ps1xml.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/FormatTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/XmlLoaderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/commands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionDataMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayDescriptionData_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/displayResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataQuery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Views.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/DisplayDatabase/typeDataXmlLoader_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatGroupManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatMsgCtxManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Complex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_List.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Table.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewGenerator_Wide.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatViewManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormatXMLWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjects.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/FormattingObjectsDeserializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ILineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/ListWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/OutputQueue.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/TableWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshObjectUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/MshParameterAssociation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/common/Utilities/Mshexpression.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/format-default/format-default.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/ConsoleLineOutput.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-console/OutConsole.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/commands/utility/FormatAndOutput/out-textInterface/OutTextInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AliasInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ApplicationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ArgumentTypeConverterAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Attributes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationEngine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/AutomationNull.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComDispatch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComMethod.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComTypeInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/COM/ComUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ChildrenCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletFamilyProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CmdletParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CodeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoolArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/BoundDispEvent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CollectionExtensions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComBinderHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComClassMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComDispIds.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSink.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinkProxy.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComEventSinksContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComFallbackMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComHresults.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInterop.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeAction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComInvokeBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComMethodDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComParamDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComRuntimeHelpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeClassDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeEnumDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ComTypeLibMemberDesc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConversionArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ConvertibleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/CurrencyArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DateTimeArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispCallableMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/DispatchArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ErrorArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Errors.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/ExcepInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Helpers.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IDispatchMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/IPseudoComObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/NullArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SimpleArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/SplatCallSite.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/StringArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeEnumMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibInfoMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeLibMetaObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/TypeUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/UnknownArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VarEnumSelector.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/Variant.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArgBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantArray.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ComInterop/VariantBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CommandCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionCompleters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionExecutionHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/CompletionResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/ExtensibleCompletion.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandCompletion/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandDiscovery.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandPathSearch.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandProcessorBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommandSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CommonCommandParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CompiledCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ConfigurationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ContentCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Credential.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/CultureVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DataStoreAdapterProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DefaultCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DriveNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/DscResourceSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EngineIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumExpressionEvaluator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EnumMinimumDisambiguation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ErrorPackage.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/EventManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExecutionContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtendedTypeSystemException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExternalScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ExtraAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FilterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/FunctionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/GetEvent_Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ICommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InformationRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InitialSessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InternalCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/InvocationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ItemCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/LanguagePrimitives.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ManagementObjectAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MergedCommandParameterMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MinishellParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/AnalysisCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ExportModuleMemberCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/GetModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ImportModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleCmdletBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleIntrinsics.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleSpecification.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ModuleUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/NewModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/PSModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoteDiscoveryHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/RemoveModuleCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/ScriptAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Modules/TestModuleManifestCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshCommandRuntime.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshMemberInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshObjectTypeDescriptor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshReference.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSecurityException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/MshSnapinQualifiedName.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NativeCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/NullString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ObjectEventRegistrationBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSClassSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSNegotiationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/PSPowerShellPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/InternalMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/KnownMITypes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/MITypeSerializationInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSMI/Serialization/PSMISerializer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PSVersionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterBinderController.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetPromptingData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ParameterSetSpecificMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PathInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Pipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PositionalCommandParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProgressRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PropertyCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProviderNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ProxyCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/PseudoParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/QuestionMarkVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ReflectionParameterBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScopedItemSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptCommandProcessor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ScriptInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityDescriptorCmdletProviderInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SecurityManagerBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SerializationStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionState.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateAliasAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCapacityVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateCmdletAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContainer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateContent.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDriveAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateDynamicProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateFunctionAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateItem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateLocationAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateNavigation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProperty.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateProviderAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStatePublic.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScope.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateScopeEnumerator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateSecurityDescriptorInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateStrings.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SessionStateVariableAPIs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ShellVariable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/SpecialVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/ThirdPartyAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactedString.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TransactionManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeMetadata.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypeTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/TypesV3_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Types_Ps1Xml.generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/UserFeedbackParameters.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/Utils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableAttributeCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariableInterfaces.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/VariablePath.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WinRT/IInspectable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/WorkflowInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/cmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/Breakpoint.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/debugger/debugger.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/AsyncResult.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ChoiceDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Command.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Connection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ConnectionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/DefaultHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/FieldDescription.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/History.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/HostUtilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InformationalRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/InternalHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/ListModifier.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalConnection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/LocalPipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/MshHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/NativeCultureResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PSDataCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Parameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/Pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/PowerShellProcessInstance.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInit.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspaceInvoke.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePool.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/RunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/internalHostuserInterfacesecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/hostifaces/pipelinebase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/AddInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ArrayOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/BranchLabel.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/CallInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ControlFlowInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DivInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicInstructionN.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicInstructions.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/DynamicSplatInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/EqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/FieldOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/GreaterThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/ILightCallSiteBinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Instruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionFactory.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InstructionList.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/InterpretedFrame.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Interpreter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LabelInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LessThanInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightDelegateCreator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambda.Generated.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambda.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LightLambdaClosureVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LocalAccess.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LocalVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/LoopCompiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/MulInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/NotEqualInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/NumericConvertInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/PowerShellInstructions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/RuntimeVariables.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/StackOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/SubInstruction.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/TypeOperations.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/interpreter/Utilities.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/codegen.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParseError.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/interface/PSToken.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/parserutils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/lang/scriptblock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/AstVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/CharTraits.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Compiler.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ConstantValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/DebugViewWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/FusionAssemblyIdentity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/GlobalAssemblyCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PSType.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Parser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/Position.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/PreOrderVisitor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SafeValues.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SemanticChecks.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/SymbolResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/TypeResolver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/VariableAnalysis.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/ast.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/token.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/parser/tokenizer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/pipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/regex.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ClientRemotePowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/Job2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/JobSourceAdapter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PSProxyJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/PowerShellStreams.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemoteRunspacePoolInternal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingErrorRecord.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/RunspaceRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/ThrottlingJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/clientremotesessionprotocolstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotepipeline.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspace.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remoterunspaceinfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocol.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/client/remotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ConnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/CustomShellCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DebugJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/DisconnectPSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/EnterPSHostProcessCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/GetJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/InvokeCommandCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/JobRepository.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionConfigurationOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/NewPSSessionOptionCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PSRemotingCmdlet.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PopRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/PushRunspaceCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceiveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ReceivePSSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/RemoveJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/ResumeJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StartJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/StopJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/SuspendJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/TestPSSessionConfigurationFile.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/WaitJob.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/getrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/newrunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/remotingcommandutil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/removerunspacecommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/commands/runspacerepository.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/AsyncObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/DispatchTable.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/Indexer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/ObjectRef.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/PSSessionConfigurationTypeOption.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionHyperVSocket.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RemoteSessionNamedPipe.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceConnectionInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspaceInitInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/RunspacePoolStateInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/EncodeAndDecode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteHostEncoder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemoteSessionCapability.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/WireDataFormat/RemotingDataObject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/fragmentor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/misc.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/psstreamobject.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/remotingexceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/common/throttlemanager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/BaseTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/InitialSessionStateProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/OutOfProcTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSPrincipal.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PSSessionConfigurationData.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/PriorityCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManNativeAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPlugin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginShellSession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManPluginTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/fanin/WSManTransportManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/host/RemoteHostMethodInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/OutOfProcServerMediator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerMethodExecutor.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerPowerShellDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHost.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHostRawUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemoteHostUserInterface.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRemotingProtocol2.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerRunspacePoolDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineDriver.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/ServerSteppablePipelineSubscriber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/WSManChannelEvents.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesession.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotesessionstatemachine.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocol.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/remoting/server/serverremotingprotocolimplementation.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Binding/Binders.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/CompiledScriptBlock.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/MutableTuple.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ArrayOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/ClassOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/MiscOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/NumericOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/StringOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/Operations/VariableOps.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/runtime/ScriptBlockToPowerShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbinder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/scriptparameterbindercontroller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/engine/serialization.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/AliasHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/BaseCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetAPI.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CabinetNativeApi.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/CommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultCommandHelpObjectBuilder.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DefaultHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/DscResourceHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/FaqHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/FaqHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GeneralHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GeneralHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GlossaryHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/GlossaryHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCategoryInvalidException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpCommentsParser.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpErrorTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpFileHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpNotFoundException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpProviderWithFullCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpRequest.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/HelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MUIFileSearcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlClassHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlNode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/MamlUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/PSClassHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderCommandHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ProviderHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/RemoteHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SaveHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/ScriptCommandHelpProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/SyntaxHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpCommandBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpModuleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpSystem.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdatableHelpUri.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/help/UpdateHelpCommand.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/LogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/MshLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/logging/eventlog/EventLogLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/FormatAndTypeDataHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfiguration.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationAttributeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationEntryCollection.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/minishell/api/RunspaceConfigurationTypeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/AliasProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Buffer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ContainerProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/CoreCommandContext.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/DriveProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/EnvironmentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemContentStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FileSystemSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/FunctionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IContentWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IDynamicPropertyProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPermissionProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/IPropertiesProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ItemProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/LocationGlobber.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/NavigationProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/PathInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/ProviderDeclarationAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/RegistryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeRegistryHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SafeTransactionHandle.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/SessionStateProviderBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/StackInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistry.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistryKey.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/TransactedRegistrySecurity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/VariableProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/namespaces/Win32Native.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Authenticode.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AuthorizationManagerBase.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/AutomationExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CmdletizationCoreResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CommandBaseStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CoreClrStubResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CoreMshSnapinResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CredUI.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Credential.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/CredentialAttributeStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DebuggerStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DescriptionsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ErrorCategoryStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ErrorPackage.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ErrorPackageRemoting.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EtwLoggingStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/EventingResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ExtendedTypeSystem.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FileSystemProviderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/GetErrorText.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpDisplayStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HelpErrors.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HistoryStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Logging.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Metadata.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MiniShellErrors.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSignature.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSnapinCmdletResources.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/MshSnapinInfo.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/NativeCP.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSDataBufferStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PSListModifierStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParameterBinderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ParserStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PathUtilsStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PipelineStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/PowerShellStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProgressRecordStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProviderBaseSecurity.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/ProxyCommandStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RegistryProviderStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceInit.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspacePoolStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/RunspaceStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SecuritySupportStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/Serialization.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SessionStateStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/SuggestionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TabCompletionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TransactionStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/TypesXmlStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/WildcardPatternStrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/modules.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/resources/remotingerroridstrings.resx
src/System.Management.Automation/security/Authenticode.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/CredentialParameter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/MshSignature.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecureStringHelper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecurityManager.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/SecuritySupport.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/nativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/security/wldpNativeMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/ConsoleCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/Commands/MshSnapinCommands.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshConsoleLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/MshSnapinLoadException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RegistryStringResourceIndirect.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/config/RunspaceConfigForSingleShell.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/CustomMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshCoreMshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapin.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/singleshell/installer/MshSnapinInstaller.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ArchitectureSensitiveAttribute.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/BackgroundDispatcher.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ClrFacade.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandDiscoveryExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CommandProcessorExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CoreProviderCmdlets.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/CryptoUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExecutionExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ExtensionMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/GraphicalHostReflectionWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/HostInterfacesExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/IObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/IObjectWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MetadataExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentNullException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshArgumentOutOfRangeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshInvalidOperationException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotImplementedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshNotSupportedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshObjectDisposedException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/MshTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectReader.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectStream.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ObjectWriter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PInvokeDllNames.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryMethods.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PSTelemetryWrapper.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParameterBinderExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ParserException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PathUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PlatformInvokes.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PowerShellETWTracer.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/PsUtils.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/ResourceManagerCache.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/RuntimeException.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/SessionStateExceptions.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StringUtil.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/StructuredTraceSource.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/Verbs.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/WindowsErrorReporting.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/assert.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetInstanceBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/CounterSetRegistrarBase.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/perfCounters/PSPerfCountersMgr.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivity.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverter.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwActivityReverterMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/EtwEventCorrelator.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/IMethodInvoker.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/PSEtwLogProvider.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/Tracing.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/utils/tracing/TracingGen.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/TypeCatalogGen.cs
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ClrHostWrapper.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/ConfigFileReader.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/IPwrshCommonOutput.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/NativeMsh.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/NativeMshConstants.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/SystemCallFacade.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/WinSystemCallFacade.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/WinSystemCallFacade.h
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshcommon/pwrshcommon.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/MainEntry.cpp
src/powershell-native/nativemsh/pwrshexe/OutputWriter.h
src/signing/visualstudiopublic.snk

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
mapping.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
mapping.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
mapping.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
mapping.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/.gitignore
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
xunit.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/monad

Author:George Fleming 
src/libpsl-native

Author:George Fleming 
src/monad

Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.vscode/launch.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:George Fleming 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/followsymlink.cpp
src/followsymlink.h
test/test-createsymlink.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.vscode/launch.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/New-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:TingLiu6 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/New-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.vscode/launch.json
.vscode/tasks.json

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Paul Allen 
src/monad
src/omi
src/omi-provider

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/ui.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/DotNetInterop.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogGen/build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogParser/Main.cs
src/TypeCatalogParser/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/New-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/monad

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.Eventing/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/monad
src/windows-build

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/ComparisonOperator.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/monad

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
xunit.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Certificate.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/DotNetTypes.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/FileSystem.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Help.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/HelpV3.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PowerShellCore.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PowerShellTrace.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Registry.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/WSMan.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/types.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/typesv3.ps1xml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/windows-build

Author:TingLiu6 
test/powershell/Get-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-Module.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Sort-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Remove-Module.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/Get-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:JumpingYang001 
test/powershell/NativeLinuxCommands.Tests.ps1

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs

Author:JumpingYang001 
test/csharp/test_SessionState.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/test_Binders.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsExtensions.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_ExtensionMethods.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_PSVersionInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_SecuritySupport.cs
test/csharp/test_Utils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/fixture_AssemblyLoadContext.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
xunit.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
xunit.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
download.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git-101.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git-101.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git-101.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git-commit.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git-sd.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json
xunit.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/git-sd.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/omi-provider

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zach Folwick 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.travis.yml
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
README.md
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
README.md
appveyor.yml
build.FullCLR.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:v-alexjo 
src/monad

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
docs/OperationalNotes.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
docs/OperationalNotes.md

Author:James Truher [MSFT] 
README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.FullCLR.ps1
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/foo

Author:Paul Allen 
omibuild.sh
psrp.sh

Author:Paul Allen 
src/omi
src/omi-provider

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
KNOWNISSUES.md
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Jumping Yang 
test/powershell/Get-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
README.md
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/getcomputername.cpp
src/getcomputername.h
src/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
src/getfullyqualifiedname.h
src/getlinkcount.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/test-getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/monad

Author:George Fleming 
src/libpsl-native

Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/createhardlink.cpp
src/createhardlink.h
src/pal.h
test/CMakeLists.txt
test/test-createhardlink.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
pester.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Add-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Add-Type.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/ConvertFrom-StringData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/ConvertTo-SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Export-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Culture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-EventSubscriber.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-PSProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-RunspaceDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-UICulture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Group-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-LocalizedData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Measure-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Pop-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Push-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Register-EngineEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Register-ObjectEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Test-Mocks.ps1
test/powershell/Test-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Wait-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Output.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Verbose.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/ConvertFrom-StringData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-PSProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Group-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Pop-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Push-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Output.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Verbose.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/foo

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Get-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-LocalizedData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Measure-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Add-Type.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Test-Common.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-EventSubscriber.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Test-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform/Microsoft.PowerShell.Platform.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PSL_profile.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/omi
src/omi-provider

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/windows-build

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
src/monad

Author:George Fleming 
src/libpsl-native

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Add-Type.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogGen/build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
README.md
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:JumpingYang001 
README.md

Author:George Fleming 
src/createsymlink.cpp
test/CMakeLists.txt
test/test-createsymlink.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/createsymlink.cpp
src/createsymlink.h
src/pal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
README.md
appveyor.yml

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:v-alexjo 
src/monad

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/dsc

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
package.sh
package/powershell

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
package.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
package.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
PowerShellGitHubDev.psm1
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/ui.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PSL_profile.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
pester.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
debug.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json
xunit.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/rawui.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/monad

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
README.md
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.ps1
build.sh
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/monad

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/monad
src/windows-build

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
KNOWNISSUES.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/AssemblyInfo.cs
test/csharp/MyHost.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
xunit.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/DscConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/DscLocalConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/GetOmiInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/OmiInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/Get-OmiInstance.Tests.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/Start-DscConfiguration.Tests.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/sample-cleanup.mof
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/sample.mof
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/sampleMeta.mof
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
test/csharp/test_OmiInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
README.md

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/host.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/ui.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
KNOWNISSUES.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/monad
src/windows-build

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/monad

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
KNOWNISSUES.md
nuget.config
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/windows-build

Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/Import-LocalizedData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/assets/de-DE/localized.psd1
test/powershell/assets/en-US/localized.psd1
test/powershell/assets/localized.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/README.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/update-content.sh

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
.travis.yml
appveyor.yml
build.ps1
build.sh
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Modules/Pester

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/update-content.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.ps1
build.sh
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Modules/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psd1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Modules/PSDiagnostics/PSDiagnostics.psm1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.ps1
build.sh
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.ps1
build.sh
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Certificate.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/DotNetTypes.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/FileSystem.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Help.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/HelpV3.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PowerShellCore.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PowerShellTrace.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Registry.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/WSMan.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/types.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/typesv3.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
KNOWNISSUES.md
build.sh
src/registry-stub/.gitignore
src/registry-stub/Makefile
src/registry-stub/README.md
src/registry-stub/api-ms-win-core-registry-l1-1-0.c

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.FullCLR.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
src/TypeCatalogGen/.gitignore
src/registry-stub/.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Wait-Event.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-RunspaceDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Test-Common.ps1
test/powershell/Wait-Event.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Measure-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Test-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
test/powershell/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.FullCLR.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGithubDev.psm1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml
test/fullclr/PowerShellGithubDev.Tests.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGithubDev.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.FullCLR.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
.gitignore

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.FullCLR.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.FullCLR.ps1
build.ps1
build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
pester.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
PowerShellGithubDev.psm1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/host.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/ui.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
KNOWNISSUES.md
build.ps1
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
KNOWNISSUES.md
build.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
KNOWNISSUES.md
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
appveyor.yml

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
build.FullCLR.ps1

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/powershell-native/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleHost/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
pester.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json
test/csharp/project.json

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
omibuild.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
appveyor.yml
pester.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
KNOWNISSUES.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.ps1
build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.ps1
build.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.ps1
build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.travis.yml
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
pester.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/rawui.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/host.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/ui.cs

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md
appveyor.yml

Author:Paul Allen 
src/omi
src/omi-provider

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
KNOWNISSUES.md
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/dsc

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/libpsl-native
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PSL_profile.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/csharp/project.json

Author:Sergei Vorobev 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
debug.sh
pester.sh
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/host.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/ui.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PSL_profile.ps1

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PSL_profile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test/powershell/Get-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
pester.sh
test/csharp/MyHost.cs
test/csharp/project.json
test/csharp/test_Binders.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsExtensions.cs
test/csharp/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
test/csharp/test_ExtensionMethods.cs
test/csharp/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
test/csharp/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_OmiInterface.cs
test/csharp/test_PSVersionInfo.cs
test/csharp/test_Runspace.cs
test/csharp/test_SecuritySupport.cs
test/csharp/test_Utils.cs
test/powershell/Add-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/ConvertFrom-StringData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/ConvertTo-SecureString.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Export-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-List.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Culture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-EventSubscriber.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Host.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-PSProvider.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-RunspaceDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-UICulture.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Group-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Json.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Measure-Command.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Out-File.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Out-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Pop-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Push-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Register-EngineEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Register-ObjectEvent.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-Item.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Select-String.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Location.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Test-Common.ps1
test/powershell/Test-Mocks.ps1
test/powershell/Test-Path.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Wait-Event.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Error.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Output.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/Write-Verbose.Tests.ps1
test/powershell/assets/SortTest.txt
test/powershell/assets/TestCsv.csv
test/powershell/assets/TestCsv2.csv
test/powershell/assets/TestJson.json
test/powershell/assets/pesteralias.txt
test/powershell/assets/testablescript.ps1
test/shebang/README.txt
test/shebang/script.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
build.sh
test/Pester

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/dsc

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/omi-provider

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/monad-build
src/windows-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
build.sh
src/libpsl-native
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
.gitmodules
CMakeLists.txt
test/CMakeLists.txt
test/googletest
test/main.cpp
test/test-getcomputername.cpp
test/test-getcurrentprocessid.cpp
test/test-getcurrentthreadid.cpp
test/test-getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
test/test-getlinkcount.cpp
test/test-getusername.cpp
test/test-isexecutable.cpp
test/test-issymlink.cpp
test/test-locale.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/terminal.cpp
src/terminal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
CMakeLists.txt
src/CMakeLists.txt
tests/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/getcomputername.cpp
src/getcomputername.h
src/getcurrentprocessorid.cpp
src/getcurrentprocessorid.h
src/getcurrentthreadid.cpp
src/getcurrentthreadid.h
src/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
src/getfullyqualifiedname.h
src/getlinkcount.cpp
src/getlinkcount.h
src/getusername.cpp
src/getusername.h
src/isexecutable.cpp
src/isexecutable.h
src/issymlink.cpp
src/issymlink.h
src/pal.h
src/setdate.cpp
src/setdate.h
src/terminal.cpp
src/terminal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/dsc

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/omi

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-omi-provider

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
pester.sh
run.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
patch.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
psrp.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/Start-DscConfiguration.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/Start-DscConfiguration.Tests.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/sample-cleanup.mof

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt
host/CMakeLists.txt
host/coreclrutil.cpp
host/coreclrutil.h
host/main.cpp
host/unixcoreruncommon/.gitmirror
host/unixcoreruncommon/coreruncommon.cpp
host/unixcoreruncommon/coreruncommon.h

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/DscLocalConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/Start-DscConfiguration.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/DscConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/DscLocalConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/OmiInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/Start-DscConfiguration.Tests.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/sampleMeta.mof

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/DscConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/GetOmiInstance.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/Start-DscConfiguration.Tests.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/sample.mof

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/DscConfiguration.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/DscConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/GetOmiInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/OmiInterface.cs

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/DscConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/GetOmiInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/OmiInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/DscConfiguration.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/OmiInterface.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/#%2Amerge%2A#31209PgX#
src/pester-tests/#%2Amerge%2A#9359p5X#
src/pester-tests/ConvertTo-Xml.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1.orig
src/pester-tests/test

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/#%2Amerge%2A#31209PgX#
src/pester-tests/#%2Amerge%2A#9359p5X#
src/pester-tests/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/ConvertTo-Xml.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Select-String.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-Location.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1.orig
src/pester-tests/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/test

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
debug.sh
pester.sh
powershell
run.sh
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
pester.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
ext-src/pester
pester.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/test/Get-OmiInstance.Tests.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/pester-tests/Get-OmiInstance.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Get-OmiInstance.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
build.sh
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/GetOmiInstance.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/OmiInterface.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Omi/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_OmiInterface.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Certificate.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/DotNetTypes.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/FileSystem.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/GetEvent.types.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Help.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/HelpV3.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PowerShellCore.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PowerShellTrace.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Registry.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/WSMan.format.ps1xml
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/ui.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Write-Stream.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/New-TimeSpan.Tests.ps1

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Get-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
pester.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Wait-Event.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
ext-src/pester

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/pester-tests/Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/registry-stub/api-ms-win-core-registry-l1-1-0.c

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
native/getcomputername.cpp
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp
tests/test-getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
native/getlinkcount.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
native/CMakeLists.txt
native/getlinkcount.cpp
native/getusername.cpp
native/issymlink.cpp
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
debug.sh
ext-src/pester
run.sh
src/pester-tests/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Common.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Paul Allen 
src/monad-omi-provider
src/omi

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
patch.sh

Author:v-alexjo 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
ext-src/pester

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
run.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-omi-provider
src/omi

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
debug.sh
publish.sh
run.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/registry-stub/Makefile
src/registry-stub/README.md
src/registry-stub/api-ms-win-core-registry-l1-1-0.c

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/powershell.assembly-info.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
psrp.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
run.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/AssemblyInfo.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/AssemblyInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-build
src/monad-native
src/monad-omi-provider
src/omi

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
run.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
publish.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/CMakeLists.txt
host/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_Runspace.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
publish.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/win-dll/lib-api-ms-win-core-registry-l1-1-0.c
src/win-dll/readme.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native-stub-assembly-info.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native-stub.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/host.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh
nuke.sh
publish.sh
run.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Diagnostics.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/GetEvent.types.ps1xml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
publish.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-build
src/monad-native
src/monad-omi-provider
src/omi

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/CMakeLists.txt
host/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
powershell

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs
src/TypeCatalogGen/build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.assembly-info.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
publish.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Certificate.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Diagnostics.Format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/DotNetTypes.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Event.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/FileSystem.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Help.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/HelpV3.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PowerShellCore.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PowerShellTrace.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/Registry.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/WSMan.format.ps1xml
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.assembly-info.cs
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json

Author:Paul Allen 
host/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/CMakeLists.txt
host/coreclrutil.cpp
host/coreclrutil.h
host/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/types.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/typesv3.ps1xml

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/CorePsTypeCatalog.cs
src/System.Management.Automation/typecatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
src/TypeCatalogGen/README.md
src/TypeCatalogGen/Runtime/project.json
src/TypeCatalogGen/build.sh
src/TypeCatalogGen/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
publish.sh
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
publish.sh
test.sh

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-FileHash.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_Runspace.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/MyHost.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_Runspace.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/System.Security.SecureString/SecureString.cs
src/System.Security.SecureString/project.json

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
publish.sh
test.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
restore.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_Runspace.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Out-String.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Select-String.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/New-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-UICulture.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/typecatalog.cs

Author:Alex Jordan 
native/getcomputername.cpp
native/getlinkcount.cpp
native/getusername.cpp
native/isexecutable.cpp
native/issymlink.cpp

Author:Alex Jordan 
native/getcomputername.cpp
native/getlinkcount.cpp
native/getusername.cpp
native/isexecutable.cpp
native/issymlink.cpp
tests/test-locale.cpp

Author:Alex Jordan 
native/getcomputername.cpp
native/getlinkcount.cpp
native/getusername.cpp
native/isexecutable.cpp
native/issymlink.cpp
tests/CMakeLists.txt
tests/test-locale.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
test.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
global.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/typecatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/System.Management.Automation/Certificate.format.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/Diagnostics.Format.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/DotNetTypes.format.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/Event.format.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/FileSystem.format.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/Help.format.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/HelpV3.format.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/PowerShellCore.format.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/PowerShellTrace.format.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/Registry.format.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/WSMan.format.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/types.ps1xml
src/System.Management.Automation/typesv3.ps1xml

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/host/ui.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json
src/assembly-info/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.assembly-info.cs
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh
nuke.sh
restore.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/assembly-info/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.assembly-info.cs
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_Binders.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_CorePsExtensions.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_ExtensionMethods.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_PSVersionInfo.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_Runspace.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_SecuritySupport.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.UnitTests/test_Utils.cs
src/xunit-tests/xunit-tests.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
publish.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
src/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PSL_profile.ps1
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/host.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/host.mk
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/powershell.assembly-info.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/rawui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/typecatalog.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/ui.cs
src/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
src/System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/host.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
publish.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/typecatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
monad-docker.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
nuget.config

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/host.cs
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/typecatalog.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
monad-docker.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
build.sh
nuke.sh
publish.sh
restore.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/PSL_profile.ps1
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/host.cs
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/host.mk
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/main.cs
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/powershell.assembly-info.cs
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/rawui.cs
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/readline.cs
Microsoft.PowerShell.Linux.Host/ui.cs
System.Management.Automation/project.json
nuget.config
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
packages.config
tools/nuget.exe

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/monad-ext

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native/project.json
Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Management/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.Utility/project.json
Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/project.json
System.Management.Automation/project.json

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Remove-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/assets/E2Etestfunctions.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Write-Output.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Write-Verbose.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Measure-Command.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/assets/pesteralias.txt

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Wait-Event.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Update-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Update-FormatData.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Tee-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Start-Sleep.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Remove-Event.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Register-ObjectEvent.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Register-EngineEvent.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Measure-Command.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Invoke-Expression.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Import-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Get-RunspaceDebug.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Get-Event.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Write-Output.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Write-Error.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:George Fleming 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/assets/E2Etestfunctions.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Measure-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
native/setdate.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
native/CMakeLists.txt
native/setdate.cpp
native/setdate.h

Author:George Fleming 
src/host/main.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Get-EventSubscriber.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:George Fleming 
Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Get-Random.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
src/monad

Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/ConvertTo-SecureString.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Export-FormatData.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Format-Custom.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-ExecutionPolicy.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-FormatData.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/New-Event.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-TypeData.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Out-String.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Start-Process.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Start-Process.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Test-Common.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Start-Process.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/assets/SortTest.txt

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-build
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
ext-src/cppunit

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-Date.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Dates.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-Date.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
native/getcomputername.cpp
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp
tests/test-getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
monad-docker.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/xunit-tests/xunit-tests.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile
src/3rdparty/hashbang/script.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/coreclrutil.cpp
host/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
docs/Dependencies.md

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Get-UICulture.Tests.ps1

Author:Alex Jordan 
src/pester-tests/Get-Culture.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Host.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-UICulture.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/host/main.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
native/getcomputername.cpp
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Export-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Format-List.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Out-File.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
monad-docker.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/main.cs
src/host/rawui.cs
src/host/readline.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs
src/host/PSL_profile.ps1
src/host/host.mk
src/host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile
src/monad-build
src/xunit-tests/xunit-tests.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/xunit-tests/test_Binders.cs
src/xunit-tests/test_CorePsExtensions.cs
src/xunit-tests/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
src/xunit-tests/test_ExtensionMethods.cs
src/xunit-tests/test_FileSystemProvider.cs
src/xunit-tests/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/xunit-tests/test_PSVersionInfo.cs
src/xunit-tests/test_Runspace.cs
src/xunit-tests/test_SecuritySupport.cs
src/xunit-tests/test_Utils.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/host.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/host.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/host.mk
src/monad-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/host.cs
src/host/main.cs
src/host/powershell.assembly-info.cs
src/host/rawui.cs
src/host/readline.cs
src/host/ui.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell-run/powershell.assembly-info.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell-run/powershell-simple.assembly-info.cs
src/powershell-run/powershell-simple.cs

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:George Fleming 
native/pal.h

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
Author:George Fleming 
src/monad
src/monad-native

Author:George Fleming 
native/isexecutable.cpp
native/issymlink.h
native/pal.h

Author:George Fleming 
native/getcomputername.cpp
native/getcurrentprocessorid.cpp
native/getcurrentprocessorid.h
native/getlinkcount.cpp
native/getlinkcount.h
native/issymlink.cpp
native/pal.h
native/terminal.cpp
native/terminal.h
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp
tests/test-getcurrentprocessid.cpp
tests/test-getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
tests/test-getlinkcount.cpp
tests/test-issymlink.cpp

Author:George Fleming 
native/CMakeLists.txt
native/isexecutable.cpp
native/isexecutable.h
native/pal.h
tests/CMakeLists.txt
tests/test-isexecutable.cpp

Author:George Fleming 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile
src/pester-tests/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-ext

Author:George Fleming 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Json.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/assets/TestCsv2.csv

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
CMakeLists.txt
host/CMakeLists.txt
native/CMakeLists.txt
tests/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
packages.config
src/pester-tests/Json.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/assets/TestJson.json

Author:George Fleming 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Set-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/ConvertTo-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
native/CMakeLists.txt
native/issymlink.cpp
native/issymlink.h
tests/CMakeLists.txt
tests/test-issymlink.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-build
src/monad-native

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/ConvertFrom-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
tests/test-getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:George Fleming 
tests/CMakeLists.txt
tests/test-getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:George Fleming 
native/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/ConvertFrom-StringData.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
native/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/coreclrutil.cpp
host/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/ui.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/powershell-simple.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:George Fleming 
native/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:George Fleming 
Author:George Fleming 
Author:George Fleming 
native/getcomputername.cpp
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:George Fleming 
native/CMakeLists.txt
native/getfullyqualifiedname.cpp
native/getfullyqualifiedname.h
native/pal.h

Author:George Fleming 
native/getcomputername.cpp
native/getusername.cpp

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/powershell-simple.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/powershell-simple.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Pop-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
native/getcomputername.cpp

Author:George Fleming 
native/getcomputername.cpp

Author:George Fleming 
native/getcomputername.cpp
native/getcomputername.h
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
Makefile

Author:George Fleming 
native/getcomputername.cpp
native/getcomputername.h
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native
src/monad-omi-provider

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
monad-docker.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/.gitignore
scripts/Dockerfile
scripts/HelloWorld.cs
scripts/Makefile
scripts/assembly-load-context.mk
scripts/build.sh
scripts/commands-management.mk
scripts/commands-utility.mk
scripts/dotnetlibs/.gitignore
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/CmdletizationResources.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/CmdletizationResources.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ComputerResources.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ComputerResources.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/NavigationResources.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/NavigationResources.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ProcessResources.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ProcessResources.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ServiceResources.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ServiceResources.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddAssemblyStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddAssemblyStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddMember.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddMember.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddTypeStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddTypeStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AliasCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AliasCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/ConvertFromStringData.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/ConvertFromStringData.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/CsvCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/CsvCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/Debugger.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/Debugger.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/EventingStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/EventingStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/GetMember.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/GetMember.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/GetRandomCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/GetRandomCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/HostStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/HostStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/ImportLocalizedDataStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/ImportLocalizedDataStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/MatchStringStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/MatchStringStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/MeasureObjectStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/MeasureObjectStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/NewObjectStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/NewObjectStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/SelectObjectStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/SelectObjectStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/SortObjectStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/SortObjectStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UpdateDataStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UpdateDataStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UtilityCommonStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UtilityCommonStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/VariableCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/VariableCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/WriteErrorStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/WriteErrorStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/WriteProgressResourceStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/WriteProgressResourceStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SECURITY/CertificateProviderStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SECURITY/CertificateProviderStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SECURITY/ExecutionPolicyCommands.cs
scripts/gen/SECURITY/ExecutionPolicyCommands.resources
scripts/gen/SECURITY/SecureStringCommands.cs
scripts/gen/SECURITY/SecureStringCommands.resources
scripts/gen/SECURITY/SignatureCommands.cs
scripts/gen/SECURITY/SignatureCommands.resources
scripts/gen/SECURITY/UtilsStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SECURITY/UtilsStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Authenticode.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Authenticode.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/AuthorizationManagerBase.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/AuthorizationManagerBase.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/AutomationExceptions.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/AutomationExceptions.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CmdletizationCoreResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CmdletizationCoreResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CommandBaseStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CommandBaseStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CoreClrStubResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CoreClrStubResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CredUI.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CredUI.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Credential.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Credential.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CredentialAttributeStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CredentialAttributeStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DebuggerStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DebuggerStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DescriptionsStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DescriptionsStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DiscoveryExceptions.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DiscoveryExceptions.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ErrorCategoryStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ErrorCategoryStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ErrorPackage.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ErrorPackage.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/EventingResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/EventingResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ExtendedTypeSystem.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ExtendedTypeSystem.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FileSystemProviderStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FileSystemProviderStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/GetErrorText.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/GetErrorText.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HelpDisplayStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HelpDisplayStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HelpErrors.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HelpErrors.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HistoryStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HistoryStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalHostStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalHostStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Logging.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Logging.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Metadata.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Metadata.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MiniShellErrors.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MiniShellErrors.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Modules.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Modules.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSignature.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSignature.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapInCmdletResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapInCmdletResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapinInfo.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapinInfo.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/NativeCP.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/NativeCP.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSDataBufferStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSDataBufferStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSListModifierStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSListModifierStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParameterBinderStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParameterBinderStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PathUtilsStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PathUtilsStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PipelineStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PipelineStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PowerShellStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PowerShellStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProgressRecordStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProgressRecordStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProviderBaseSecurity.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProxyCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProxyCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RegistryProviderStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RegistryProviderStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspaceInit.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspaceInit.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspacePoolStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspacePoolStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspaceStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspaceStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SecuritySupportStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SecuritySupportStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Serialization.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Serialization.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SuggestionStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SuggestionStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TabCompletionStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TabCompletionStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TransactionStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TransactionStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TypesXmlStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TypesXmlStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/WildcardPatternStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/WildcardPatternStrings.resources
scripts/management-infrastructure.mk
scripts/powershell-run.mk
scripts/runps-file.sh
scripts/runps-simple-debug.sh
scripts/runps-simple-trace.sh
scripts/runps-simple.sh
scripts/runps-test.sh
scripts/runps.sh
scripts/security-win.mk
scripts/security.mk
scripts/shellinaboxd-init.sh
scripts/system-automation.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-native
src/monad-omi-provider

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/monad-build

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile
src/3rdparty/hashbang/README.txt
src/3rdparty/hashbang/script.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs
src/powershell-run/rawui.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
Makefile
monad-docker.sh
packages.config
tools/nuget.exe

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
CMakeLists.txt
tests/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tests/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/CMakeLists.txt
native/CMakeLists.txt
native/getcomputername.cpp
native/getcomputername.h
native/getcurrentprocessorid.cpp
native/getcurrentprocessorid.h
native/getcurrentthreadid.cpp
native/getcurrentthreadid.h
native/getlinkcount.cpp
native/getlinkcount.h
native/getusername.cpp
native/getusername.h
native/pal.h
native/terminal.cpp
native/terminal.h
tests/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/CMakeLists.txt
host/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getcpinfo.cpp
impl/getcpinfo.h
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt
host/CMakeLists.txt
host/coreclrutil.cpp
host/coreclrutil.h
host/main.cpp
impl/CMakeLists.txt
tests/CMakeLists.txt
tests/googletest
tests/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
impl/getusername.h
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getlinkcount.cpp
impl/getlinkcount.h
tests/test-getlinkcount.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
CMakeLists.txt
tests/test-getlinkcount.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Zachary Folwick 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/runps-simple.sh
scripts/runps-test.sh
scripts/runps.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/runps-simple.sh
scripts/runps-test.sh
scripts/runps.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/runps-simple.sh
scripts/runps-test.sh
scripts/runps.sh

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/getlinkcount.cpp
impl/getlinkcount.h
impl/pal.h

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Push-Location.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Set-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/hostutil.h
tests/host/test-hostutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/hostutil.h
src/tests/host/test-hostutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Add-Member.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Format-List.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Dates.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Location.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-PSProvider.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Group-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Mocks.ps1
src/pester-tests/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/New-Item.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Out-File.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Remove-Item.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Select-String.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Mocks.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Select-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Add-Member.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Compare-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Export-Csv.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Format-List.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Format-Table.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Format-Wide.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Content.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Dates.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Item.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Location.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Member.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-PSProvider.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Random.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Unique.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Group-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Mocks.ps1
src/pester-tests/New-Alias.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/New-Item.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/New-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/New-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Out-File.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Remove-Item.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Select-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Select-String.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Set-Variable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Split-Path.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Push-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Push-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Push-Location.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.h
host/common/hostutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h
src/host/common/hostutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/unixcoreruncommon/.gitmirror
host/unixcoreruncommon/coreruncommon.cpp
host/unixcoreruncommon/coreruncommon.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-New-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
ext-src/cppunit
ext-src/pester

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/assets/testablescript.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Set-PSBreakpoint.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.h
host/common/hostutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h
src/host/common/hostutil.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
README.md

Author:Zachary Folwick 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Set-PSDebug.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/runps-file.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
src/pester-tests/Test-Import-Csv.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/assets/TestCsv.csv

Author:Zachary Folwick 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/TestAssets/TestCsv.csv

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Import-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Random.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/omi

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Paul Allen 
Author:Paul Allen 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Paul Allen 
src/omi

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Export-Csv.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Zach Folwick 
docs/Native Tests.md

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Paul Allen 
src/monad-omi-provider
src/omi

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/omi

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/monad-omi-provider

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Test-Mocks.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Select-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Test-Select-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/.gitignore
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
scripts/.gitignore
scripts/Makefile
scripts/dotnetlibs/.gitignore

Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Test-Select-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:George Fleming 
src/pester-tests/Test-Mocks.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/monad-docker.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
ext-src/pester
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/HelloWorld.cs
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile
scripts/monad-docker.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-ext

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/get-current-ref.sh
scripts/simplebuild.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Makefile
scripts/build-run.sh
scripts/build-tty.sh
scripts/build.sh
scripts/monad-docker.sh

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-PSProvider.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-ItemProperty.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-DotNetAPI.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/nuget.exe

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/packages.config

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
scripts/Makefile
scripts/packages.config
src/monad-ext

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/buildtemp/.gitignore
scripts/dotnetlibs/.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/commands-utility.mk
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resources
src/monad
src/monad-ext

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Group-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Compare-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Unique.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-Wide.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Set-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Clear-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/build-run.sh
scripts/build-tty.sh
scripts/build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Set-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Remove-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-New-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Aaron Katz 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron Katz 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-ext

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/commands-utility.mk
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddAssemblyStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddAssemblyStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FileSystemProviderStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FileSystemProviderStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Modules.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Modules.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateStrings.resources
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/build-run.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/build-run.sh
scripts/build-tty.sh
scripts/build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/build-run.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/build-run.sh
scripts/build-tty.sh
scripts/build.sh
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
scripts/Makefile
scripts/powershell-linux.inc
scripts/powershell.inc

Author:Zach Folwick 
docs/Pester Tests.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore

Author:Zach Folwick 
docs/Pester Tests.md

Author:Zach Folwick 
docs/Pester Tests.md

Author:Zach Folwick 
docs/Native Tests.md

Author:Zach Folwick 
docs/xUnit Tests.md

Author:Zach Folwick 
docs/xUnit Tests

Author:Zach Folwick 
docs/xUnit Tests

Author:Zach Folwick 
docs/xUnit Tests

Author:Zach Folwick 
docs/Pester Tests.md

Author:Zach Folwick 
docs/Testing.md

Author:Zachary Folwick 
docs/Testing.md

Author:Zachary Folwick 
docs/Testing.md

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Set-Variable.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Select-String.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/commands-management-strings/CmdletizationResources.cs
scripts/commands-management-strings/NavigationResources.cs
scripts/commands-management-strings/ProcessResources.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/AddMember.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/AliasCommandStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/ConvertFromStringData.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/CsvCommandStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/Debugger.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/EventingStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/GetMember.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/GetRandomCommandStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/HostStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/ImportLocalizedDataStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/MeasureObjectStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/NewObjectStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/SelectObjectStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/SortObjectStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/UtilityCommonStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/VariableCommandStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/WriteErrorStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/WriteProgressResourceStrings.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/linux/CMakeLists.txt
src/linux/main.cpp
src/linux/stubs/Windows.h
src/linux/stubs/mscoree.h
src/linux/stubs/rpc.h
src/linux/stubs/rpcndr.h
src/linux/stubs/stubs_coreclr.h
src/linux/test/test_pal.cpp
src/linux/test/test_pal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/coreref.mk
scripts/tests.mk

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/NewObjectStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/NewObjectStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UtilityCommonStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UtilityCommonStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/AutomationExceptions.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/AutomationExceptions.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DebuggerStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DebuggerStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Modules.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Modules.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resources
scripts/platform.mk
scripts/system-automation.mk
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/coreref.mk

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
src/pester-tests/Test-Select-String.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Random.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Out-File.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Aaron 
src/pester-tests/Test-Select-String.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
src/pester-tests/Test-Select-String.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
src/pester-tests/Test-Select-String.Tests.ps1

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Test-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Out-File.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/ps_test/test_SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/tests.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/runps-test.sh
src/ps_test/test_Runspace.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/coreref.mk

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Test-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad

Author:Aaron Katz 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getcpinfo.cpp
impl/getcpinfo.h
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getcpinfo.cpp
src/impl/getcpinfo.h
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron 
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron 
src/tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron 
impl/getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron 
src/impl/getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resources
src/monad

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Remove-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Remove-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad
src/monad-ext
src/monad-native

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
CMakeCache.txt

Author:Aaron 
src/CMakeCache.txt

Author:Aaron 
impl/pal.h

Author:Aaron 
src/impl/pal.h

Author:Aaron 
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron 
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
CMakeLists.txt

Author:Aaron 
src/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
Author:Aaron 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-New-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron 
src/tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Out-File.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/powershell-run.mk
scripts/runps-file.sh
scripts/runps-simple-debug.sh
scripts/runps-simple-trace.sh
scripts/runps-simple.sh
scripts/runps.sh
src/monad
src/monad-ext
src/monad-native
src/powershell-run/powershell-simple.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Remove-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Remove-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron Katz 
Author:Aaron Katz 
Author:Aaron 
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
impl/getcomputername.cpp
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
impl/getcpinfo.cpp
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron 
src/impl/getcpinfo.cpp
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Remove-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Out-File.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/getcomputername.cpp
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
impl/getcpinfo.cpp
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron 
src/impl/getcpinfo.cpp
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron 
Author:Aaron 
Author:Aaron 
src/impl/pal.h

Author:Aaron 
impl/pal.h

Author:Aaron 
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
impl/getcomputername.cpp
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
CMakeCache.txt
impl/getcpinfo.cpp
impl/getcpinfo.h
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron 
src/CMakeCache.txt
src/impl/getcpinfo.cpp
src/impl/getcpinfo.h
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad

Author:Aaron 
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
impl/getcomputername.cpp
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
Author:Aaron 
Author:Aaron 
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/impl/getcomputername.h
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
impl/getcomputername.cpp
impl/getcomputername.h
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
Author:Aaron 
Author:Aaron 
src/impl/pal.h

Author:Aaron 
impl/pal.h

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/impl/getusername.h
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
impl/getusername.h
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/impl/getusername.h
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
impl/getusername.h
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/getcpinfo.cpp
impl/getcpinfo.h
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/impl/getcpinfo.cpp
src/impl/getcpinfo.h
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad
src/ps_test/test_FileSystemProvider.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/build.sh

Author:Aaron 
Author:Aaron 
Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad-native

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-List.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/monad-native
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Aaron 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/impl/getcomputername.h
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/getcomputername.cpp
impl/getcomputername.h
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
ext-src/pal

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-Table.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-Table.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Format-Table.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/getcomputername.cpp
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/CMakeLists.txt

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
CMakeLists.txt
tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
ext-src/pal

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/tests/test-getusername.cpp

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
impl/pal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/impl/pal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
impl/pal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/impl/pal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
impl/getusername.cpp
impl/getusername.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/impl/getusername.h

Author:Aaron 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/impl/getcomputername.h
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/getcomputername.cpp
impl/getcomputername.h
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Aaron 
Author:Aaron 
Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/.gitignore

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/.gitignore

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad
src/ps_test/test_CorePsExtensions.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/3rdparty/hashbang/README.txt
scripts/3rdparty/hashbang/script.ps1
scripts/Makefile
scripts/runps-file.sh
scripts/runps-simple-debug.sh
scripts/runps-simple-trace.sh
scripts/runps-simple.sh
scripts/runps.sh
src/powershell-run/main.cs
src/powershell-run/powershell-simple.cs

Author:Aaron 
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
impl/getcomputername.cpp
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
impl/getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron 
src/impl/pal.h

Author:Aaron 
impl/pal.h

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Dockerfile
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/runps-simple-debug.sh
scripts/runps-simple-trace.sh
scripts/runps-simple.sh
scripts/runps.sh
scripts/tests.mk
src/monad
src/monad-native
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
CMakeLists.txt
host/cmdline/main.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
host/common/coreclrutil.h
host/common/hostutil.h
tests/host/test-hostutil.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.cpp
src/host/common/coreclrutil.h
src/host/common/hostutil.h
src/tests/host/test-hostutil.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/ps_test/test_Utils.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Dockerfile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad-native

Author:Peter Honeder 
README.md

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
src/monad-native
src/powershell-run/powershell-simple.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/.gitignore

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/powershell-run.mk
src/assembly-info/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.assembly-info.cs
src/assembly-info/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.assembly-info.cs
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs
src/monad-native
src/powershell-run/powershell-run.assembly-info.cs
src/powershell-run/powershell-simple.assembly-info.cs
src/powershell-run/powershell-simple.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
src/monad-ext

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/.gitignore
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
CMakeLists.txt
host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
CMakeLists.txt
host/cmdline/coreclrutil.cpp
host/cmdline/coreclrutil.h
host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/host/cmdline/coreclrutil.cpp
src/host/cmdline/coreclrutil.h
src/host/cmdline/main.cpp

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Add-Member.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Dates.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Item.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Location.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Member.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-New-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Peter Honeder 
.gitmodules
src/coreclr

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Dates.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Item.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Location.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Member.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-New-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Add-Member.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-New-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Alias.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-ChildItem.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Dates.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Item.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Location.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Member.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.ps1
src/pester-tests/test-Add-Member.ps1
src/pester-tests/test-New-Object.ps1

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad

Author:Aaron Katz 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitignore
scripts/Makefile

Author:Aaron 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1

Author:Aaron 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-PSDrive.Tests.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/pester-tests/Test-PSVersionTable.Tests.ps1

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/ps_test/test_PSVersionInfo.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/assembly-info/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.assembly-info.cs
src/assembly-info/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.assembly-info.cs
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
scripts/build.sh

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
src/ps_test/ps_test.cs
src/ps_test/test_Binders.cs
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
src/ps_test/test_ExtensionMethods.cs
src/ps_test/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs
src/ps_test/test_SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/tests.mk

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad-ext

Author:Peter Honeder 
ext-src/pester
src/monad
src/monad-ext
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Dates.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Item.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Location.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Member.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/test-Add-Member.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/test-New-Object.Tests.ps1

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Zach Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Item.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Dates.Tests.ps1

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
README.md

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/buildtemp/.gitignore

Author:Jan Vorlicek 
coreruncommon.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
.gitmodules
scripts/Makefile
src/monad_app_base

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Alias.Tests.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-HelloWorld.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-HelloWorld.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Get-HelloWorld.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-HelloWorld.ps1
src/pester-tests/test-Get-Alias.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Alias.ps1

Author:Zachary Folwick 
Author:Zachary Folwick 
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Environment-Variables.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Alias.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-ChildItem.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-ChildItem.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Content.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Dates.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Dates.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Item.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Item.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Location.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Location.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Member.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Get-Member.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Test-Split-Path.ps1
src/pester-tests/test-Add-Member.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/test-Add-Member.ps1
src/pester-tests/test-Get-Alias.ps1
src/pester-tests/test-New-Object.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/test-New-Object.ps1

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
README.md

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resources
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
src/pester-tests/Get-HelloWorld.Tests.ps1
src/pester-tests/Get-HelloWorld.ps1

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
ext-src/pester
scripts/pester/Get-HelloWorld.Tests.ps1
scripts/pester/Get-HelloWorld.ps1

Author:Peter Honeder 
.gitmodules

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
.gitmodules
ext-src/pester

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/gen/SECURITY/CertificateProviderStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SECURITY/CertificateProviderStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SECURITY/ExecutionPolicyCommands.cs
scripts/gen/SECURITY/ExecutionPolicyCommands.resources
scripts/gen/SECURITY/SecureStringCommands.cs
scripts/gen/SECURITY/SecureStringCommands.resources
scripts/gen/SECURITY/SignatureCommands.cs
scripts/gen/SECURITY/SignatureCommands.resources
scripts/gen/SECURITY/UtilsStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SECURITY/UtilsStrings.resources
scripts/security-win.mk
scripts/security.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.resources
scripts/system-automation.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/powershell-run.mk
src/monad-native
src/powershell-run/rawui.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/pal.h
impl/terminal.cpp
impl/terminal.h

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/impl/pal.h
src/impl/terminal.cpp
src/impl/terminal.h

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/runps.sh
src/powershell-run/main.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/ps_test/ps_test.cs
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/ps_test/ps_test.cs
src/ps_test/test_Binders.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md
scripts/build.sh

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
README.md

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad-ext

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
src/monad
src/powershell-run/powershell-run.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Modules.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Modules.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapInCmdletResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapInCmdletResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resources
scripts/system-automation.mk
src/assembly-info/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.assembly-info.cs
src/monad
src/win-dll/lib-api-ms-win-core-registry-l1-1-0.c

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
src/stubs/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native-stub-assembly-info.cs
src/stubs/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native-stub.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
.gitmodules
src/monad

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/commands-management.mk
scripts/commands-utility.mk
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ComputerResources.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ComputerResources.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ProcessResources.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ProcessResources.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ServiceResources.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ServiceResources.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/MatchStringStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/MatchStringStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UpdateDataStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UpdateDataStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UtilityCommonStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UtilityCommonStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DiscoveryExceptions.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DiscoveryExceptions.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FileSystemProviderStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FileSystemProviderStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HelpDisplayStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HelpDisplayStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HelpErrors.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HelpErrors.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Modules.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapinCmdletResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapinCmdletResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspacePoolStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspacePoolStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspaceStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspaceStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/modules.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/modules.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/remotingerroridstrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/remotingerroridstrings.resources
scripts/management-infrastructure.mk
scripts/system-automation.mk

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Dockerfile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Dockerfile
scripts/shellinaboxd-init.sh

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Dockerfile
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/get-current-ref.sh

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad-ext

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Dockerfile
scripts/Makefile
scripts/powershell-run.mk
scripts/runps.sh
src/monad-ext
src/powershell-run/host.cs
src/powershell-run/main.cs
src/powershell-run/rawui.cs
src/powershell-run/readline.cs
src/powershell-run/ui.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/powershell-run/powershell-run.cs

Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andy Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
src/monad-native

Author:Peter Honeder 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/getusername.cpp
impl/getusername.h
impl/pal.h

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/impl/getusername.cpp
src/impl/getusername.h
src/impl/pal.h

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/tests.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/tests.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/ps_test/ps_test.cs
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
src/monad
src/ps_test/ps_test.cs
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
src/ps_test/test_MshSnapinInfo.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/tests.mk

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
src/monad
src/ps_test/ps_test.cs
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
src/ps_test/test_SecuritySupport.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
src/monad
src/ps_test/ps_test.cs
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs
src/ps_test/test_ExtensionMethods.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs
src/ps_test/ps_test.cs
src/ps_test/test_CorePsPlatform.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
src/powershell-run/powershell-run.cs
src/win-dll/lib-api-ms-win-core-registry-l1-1-0.c
src/win-dll/readme.txt

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
src/monad-ext

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/.gitignore
scripts/Makefile
scripts/commands-management.mk
scripts/commands-utility.mk
scripts/management-infrastructure.mk
scripts/system-automation.mk

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
src/powershell-run/powershell-run.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/.gitignore

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/coreref.mk

Author:Andrew Schwartzmeyer 
scripts/Makefile
src/monad-ext
src/ps_test/ps_test.cs

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/wmi-sources.mk

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/commands-management.mk
scripts/commands-utility.mk
scripts/management-infrastructure.mk
scripts/string-resources-orig.mk
scripts/string-resources.mk
scripts/system-automation.mk
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/all-files.mk
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Modules.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Modules.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapInCmdletResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapInCmdletResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapinCmdletResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RemotingErrorIdStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/AssemblyInfo.cs
scripts/string_resources/Authenticode.cs
scripts/string_resources/Authenticode.resources
scripts/string_resources/AuthorizationManagerBase.cs
scripts/string_resources/AuthorizationManagerBase.resources
scripts/string_resources/AutomationExceptions.cs
scripts/string_resources/AutomationExceptions.resources
scripts/string_resources/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.cs
scripts/string_resources/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.resources
scripts/string_resources/CmdletizationCoreResources.cs
scripts/string_resources/CommandBaseStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/CommandBaseStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/CoreClrStubResources.cs
scripts/string_resources/CoreClrStubResources.resources
scripts/string_resources/CoreMshSnapinResources.resources
scripts/string_resources/CredUI.CS
scripts/string_resources/CredUI.resources
scripts/string_resources/Credential.cs
scripts/string_resources/Credential.resources
scripts/string_resources/CredentialAttributeStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/CredentialAttributeStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/DebuggerStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/DebuggerStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/DescriptionsStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/DescriptionsStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/DiscoveryExceptions.cs
scripts/string_resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resources
scripts/string_resources/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ErrorCategoryStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ErrorCategoryStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ErrorPackage.cs
scripts/string_resources/ErrorPackage.resources
scripts/string_resources/ErrorPackageRemoting.resources
scripts/string_resources/EtwLoggingStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/EventingResources.cs
scripts/string_resources/EventingResources.resources
scripts/string_resources/ExtendedTypeSystem.cs
scripts/string_resources/ExtendedTypeSystem.resources
scripts/string_resources/FileSystemProviderStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/FileSystemProviderStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.cs
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.resources
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.cs
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.resources
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.cs
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.resources
scripts/string_resources/GetErrorText.cs
scripts/string_resources/GetErrorText.resources
scripts/string_resources/HelpDisplayStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/HelpDisplayStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/HelpErrors.resources
scripts/string_resources/HistoryStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/HistoryStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/InternalCommandStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/InternalCommandStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/InternalHostStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/InternalHostStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/Logging.cs
scripts/string_resources/Logging.resources
scripts/string_resources/Metadata.cs
scripts/string_resources/Metadata.resources
scripts/string_resources/MiniShellErrors.cs
scripts/string_resources/MiniShellErrors.resources
scripts/string_resources/Modules.cs
scripts/string_resources/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/MshSignature.cs
scripts/string_resources/MshSignature.resources
scripts/string_resources/MshSnapinCmdletResources.resources
scripts/string_resources/MshSnapinInfo.cs
scripts/string_resources/MshSnapinInfo.resources
scripts/string_resources/NativeCP.CS
scripts/string_resources/NativeCP.resources
scripts/string_resources/PSCommandStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/PSCommandStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/PSDataBufferStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/PSDataBufferStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/PSListModifierStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/PSListModifierStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ParameterBinderStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ParameterBinderStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ParserStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ParserStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/PathUtilsStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/PathUtilsStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/PipelineStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/PipelineStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/PowerShellStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/PowerShellStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ProgressRecordStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ProgressRecordStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
scripts/string_resources/ProviderBaseSecurity.resources
scripts/string_resources/ProxyCommandStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ProxyCommandStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/RegistryProviderStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/RegistryProviderStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/RunspaceInit.cs
scripts/string_resources/RunspaceInit.resources
scripts/string_resources/RunspacePoolStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/RunspacePoolStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/RunspaceStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/RunspaceStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/SecuritySupportStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/SecuritySupportStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/Serialization.cs
scripts/string_resources/Serialization.resources
scripts/string_resources/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/SessionStateStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/SessionStateStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/SuggestionStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/SuggestionStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/TabCompletionStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/TabCompletionStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/TransactionStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/TransactionStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/TypesXmlStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/TypesXmlStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/WildcardPatternStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/WildcardPatternStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/_generated.cs
scripts/string_resources/modules.resources
scripts/string_resources/remotingerroridstrings.resources
scripts/system-automation.mk
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/string-resources-orig.mk
scripts/string_resources/Authenticode.resources
scripts/string_resources/AuthorizationManagerBase.resources
scripts/string_resources/AutomationExceptions.resources
scripts/string_resources/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.resources
scripts/string_resources/CommandBaseStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/CoreClrStubResources.resources
scripts/string_resources/CoreMshSnapinResources.resources
scripts/string_resources/CredUI.resources
scripts/string_resources/Credential.resources
scripts/string_resources/CredentialAttributeStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/DebuggerStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/DescriptionsStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/DiscoveryExceptions.resources
scripts/string_resources/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ErrorCategoryStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ErrorPackage.resources
scripts/string_resources/ErrorPackageRemoting.resources
scripts/string_resources/EtwLoggingStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/EventingResources.resources
scripts/string_resources/ExtendedTypeSystem.resources
scripts/string_resources/FileSystemProviderStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.resources
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.resources
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.resources
scripts/string_resources/GetErrorText.resources
scripts/string_resources/HelpDisplayStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/HelpErrors.resources
scripts/string_resources/HistoryStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/InternalCommandStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/InternalHostStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/Logging.resources
scripts/string_resources/Metadata.resources
scripts/string_resources/MiniShellErrors.resources
scripts/string_resources/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/MshSignature.resources
scripts/string_resources/MshSnapinCmdletResources.resources
scripts/string_resources/MshSnapinInfo.resources
scripts/string_resources/NativeCP.resources
scripts/string_resources/PSCommandStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/PSDataBufferStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/PSListModifierStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ParameterBinderStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ParserStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/PathUtilsStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/PipelineStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/PowerShellStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ProgressRecordStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/ProviderBaseSecurity.resources
scripts/string_resources/ProxyCommandStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/RegistryProviderStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/RunspaceInit.resources
scripts/string_resources/RunspacePoolStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/RunspaceStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/SecuritySupportStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/Serialization.resources
scripts/string_resources/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/SessionStateStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/SuggestionStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/TabCompletionStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/TransactionStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/TypesXmlStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/WildcardPatternStrings.resources
scripts/string_resources/modules.resources
scripts/string_resources/remotingerroridstrings.resources
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/Makefile
scripts/commands-management.mk
scripts/commands-utility.mk
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/CmdletizationResources.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/CmdletizationResources.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/NavigationResources.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/NavigationResources.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ProcessResources.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_MANAGEMENT/ProcessResources.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddMember.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddMember.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddTypeStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AddTypeStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AliasCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/AliasCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/ConvertFromStringData.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/ConvertFromStringData.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/CsvCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/CsvCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/Debugger.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/Debugger.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/EventingStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/EventingStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/GetMember.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/GetMember.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/GetRandomCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/GetRandomCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/HostStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/HostStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/ImportLocalizedDataStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/ImportLocalizedDataStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/MeasureObjectStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/MeasureObjectStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/NewObjectStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/NewObjectStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/SelectObjectStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/SelectObjectStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/SortObjectStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/SortObjectStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UtilityCommonStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/UtilityCommonStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/VariableCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/VariableCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/WriteErrorStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/WriteErrorStrings.resources
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/WriteProgressResourceStrings.cs
scripts/gen/COMMANDS_UTILITY/WriteProgressResourceStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Authenticode.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Authenticode.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/AuthorizationManagerBase.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/AuthorizationManagerBase.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/AutomationExceptions.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/AutomationExceptions.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CmdletizationCoreResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CmdletizationCoreResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CommandBaseStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CommandBaseStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CoreClrStubResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CoreClrStubResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CredUI.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CredUI.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Credential.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Credential.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CredentialAttributeStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/CredentialAttributeStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DebuggerStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DebuggerStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DescriptionsStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DescriptionsStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DiscoveryExceptions.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/DiscoveryExceptions.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ErrorCategoryStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ErrorCategoryStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ErrorPackage.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ErrorPackage.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/EventingResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/EventingResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ExtendedTypeSystem.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ExtendedTypeSystem.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FileSystemProviderStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FileSystemProviderStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/GetErrorText.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/GetErrorText.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HelpDisplayStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HelpDisplayStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HistoryStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HistoryStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalHostStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalHostStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Logging.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Logging.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Metadata.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Metadata.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MiniShellErrors.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MiniShellErrors.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSignature.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSignature.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapinCmdletResources.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapinCmdletResources.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapinInfo.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/MshSnapinInfo.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/NativeCP.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/NativeCP.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSDataBufferStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSDataBufferStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSListModifierStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PSListModifierStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParameterBinderStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParameterBinderStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ParserStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PathUtilsStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PathUtilsStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PipelineStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PipelineStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PowerShellStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/PowerShellStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProgressRecordStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProgressRecordStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProviderBaseSecurity.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProxyCommandStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/ProxyCommandStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RegistryProviderStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RegistryProviderStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspaceInit.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspaceInit.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspacePoolStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspacePoolStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspaceStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/RunspaceStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SecuritySupportStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SecuritySupportStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Serialization.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/Serialization.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SessionStateStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SuggestionStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/SuggestionStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TabCompletionStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TabCompletionStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TransactionStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TransactionStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TypesXmlStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/TypesXmlStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/WildcardPatternStrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/WildcardPatternStrings.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/modules.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/modules.resources
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/remotingerroridstrings.cs
scripts/gen/SYS_AUTO/remotingerroridstrings.resources
scripts/management-infrastructure.mk
scripts/system-automation.mk
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/dotnetlibs/.gitignore

Author:Peter Honeder 
.gitignore
.gitmodules
scripts/.gitignore
scripts/Makefile
scripts/all-files.mk
scripts/assembly-load-context.mk
scripts/commands-management-strings/CmdletizationResources.cs
scripts/commands-management-strings/NavigationResources.cs
scripts/commands-management-strings/ProcessResources.cs
scripts/commands-management.mk
scripts/commands-utility-strings/AddMember.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/AliasCommandStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/ConvertFromStringData.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/CsvCommandStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/Debugger.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/EventingStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/GetMember.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/GetRandomCommandStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/HostStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/ImportLocalizedDataStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/MeasureObjectStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/NewObjectStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/SelectObjectStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/SortObjectStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/UtilityCommonStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/VariableCommandStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/WriteErrorStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility-strings/WriteProgressResourceStrings.cs
scripts/commands-utility.mk
scripts/coreref.mk
scripts/platform.mk
scripts/powershell-linux.inc
scripts/powershell.inc
scripts/string-resources-orig.mk
scripts/string-resources.mk
scripts/string_resources/AssemblyInfo.cs
scripts/string_resources/Authenticode.cs
scripts/string_resources/AuthorizationManagerBase.cs
scripts/string_resources/AutomationExceptions.cs
scripts/string_resources/CimInstanceTypeAdapterResources.cs
scripts/string_resources/CmdletizationCoreResources.cs
scripts/string_resources/CommandBaseStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ConsoleInfoErrorStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/CoreClrStubResources.cs
scripts/string_resources/CredUI.CS
scripts/string_resources/Credential.cs
scripts/string_resources/CredentialAttributeStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/DebuggerStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/DescriptionsStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/DiscoveryExceptions.cs
scripts/string_resources/EnumExpressionEvaluatorStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ErrorCategoryStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ErrorPackage.cs
scripts/string_resources/EventingResources.cs
scripts/string_resources/ExtendedTypeSystem.cs
scripts/string_resources/FileSystemProviderStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOutXmlLoadingStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_MshParameter.cs
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_format_xxx.cs
scripts/string_resources/FormatAndOut_out_xxx.cs
scripts/string_resources/GetErrorText.cs
scripts/string_resources/HelpDisplayStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/HistoryStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/HostInterfaceExceptionsStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/InternalCommandStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/InternalHostStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/InternalHostUserInterfaceStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/Logging.cs
scripts/string_resources/Metadata.cs
scripts/string_resources/MiniShellErrors.cs
scripts/string_resources/Modules.cs
scripts/string_resources/MshHostRawUserInterfaceStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/MshSignature.cs
scripts/string_resources/MshSnapInCmdletResources.cs
scripts/string_resources/MshSnapinInfo.cs
scripts/string_resources/NativeCP.CS
scripts/string_resources/PSCommandStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/PSDataBufferStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/PSListModifierStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ParameterBinderStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ParserStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/PathUtilsStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/PipelineStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/PowerShellStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ProgressRecordStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/ProviderBaseSecurity.cs
scripts/string_resources/ProxyCommandStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/RegistryProviderStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/RemotingErrorIdStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/RunspaceInit.cs
scripts/string_resources/RunspacePoolStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/RunspaceStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/SecuritySupportStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/Serialization.cs
scripts/string_resources/SessionStateProviderBaseStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/SessionStateStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/SuggestionStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/TabCompletionStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/TransactionStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/TypesXmlStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/WildcardPatternStrings.cs
scripts/string_resources/_generated.cs
scripts/wmi-sources.mk
src/assembly-info/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.assembly-info.cs
src/assembly-info/Microsoft.PowerShell.CoreCLR.AssemblyLoadContext.assembly-info.cs
src/assembly-info/System.Management.Automation.assembly-info.cs
src/monad
src/monad-ext
src/monad-native
src/monad_app_base
src/ps_hello_world/ps_hello_world.cs
src/ps_test/ps_test.cs
src/stubs/Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native-stub.cs

Author:stephentoub 
coreruncommon.cpp

Author:Anders Jensen-Waud 
coreruncommon.cpp

Author:Aditya Mandaleeka 
.gitmirror
coreruncommon.cpp
coreruncommon.h

Author:Aaron Katz 
impl/getcpinfo.cpp
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron Katz 
src/impl/getcpinfo.cpp
src/tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron Katz 
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron Katz 
impl/getcomputername.cpp
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron Katz 
impl/.getcpinfo.cpp.kate-swp

Author:Aaron Katz 
src/impl/.getcpinfo.cpp.kate-swp

Author:Aaron Katz 
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/impl/getcomputername.h
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Aaron Katz 
impl/getcomputername.cpp
impl/getcomputername.h
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Pete Baker 
Author:Aaron Katz 
impl/getcpinfo.cpp
impl/getcpinfo.h
impl/pal.h
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron Katz 
src/impl/getcpinfo.cpp
src/impl/getcpinfo.h
src/impl/pal.h
src/tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/impl/getcomputername.cpp
src/impl/getcomputername.h
src/tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/getcomputername.cpp
impl/getcomputername.h
tests/test-getcomputername.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
.gitignore

Author:Aaron Katz 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/getcpinfo.cpp
impl/getcpinfo.h
tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Aaron Katz 
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/impl/getcpinfo.cpp
src/impl/getcpinfo.h
src/tests/test-getcpinfo.cpp

Author:Pete Baker 
impl/getcurrentthreadid.cpp
impl/getcurrentthreadid.h
tests/test-getcurrentthreadid.cpp

Author:Pete Baker 
src/impl/getcurrentthreadid.cpp
src/impl/getcurrentthreadid.h
src/tests/test-getcurrentthreadid.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
.gitignore

Author:Peter Honeder 
CMakeLists.txt
impl/getcurrentprocessorid.cpp
impl/getcurrentprocessorid.h
impl/pal.h
main.cpp
tests/test-getcurrentprocessid.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
.gitmodules
ext-src/gtest
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/impl/getcurrentprocessorid.cpp
src/impl/getcurrentprocessorid.h
src/impl/pal.h
src/main.cpp
src/tests/test-getcurrentprocessid.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/coreclr
src/linux/CMakeLists.txt
src/linux/stubs/Windows.h
src/linux/stubs/mscoree.h
src/linux/stubs/rpc.h
src/linux/stubs/rpcndr.h
src/linux/stubs/stubs_coreclr.h
src/linux/test/test_pal.cpp
src/linux/test/test_pal.h
src/monad

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/coreclr
src/linux/CMakeLists.txt
src/linux/test/test_pal.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
scripts/simplebuild.sh

Author:Peter Honeder 
src/linux/test/test_pal.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
.gitignore
.gitmodules
ext-src/cppunit
scripts/simplebuild.sh
src/coreclr
src/linux/CMakeLists.txt
src/linux/main.cpp
src/linux/test/test_pal.cpp
src/linux/test/test_pal.h

Author:Peter Honeder 
.gitignore
src/linux/CMakeLists.txt
src/linux/main.cpp

Author:Peter Honeder 
.gitmodules
src/coreclr
src/monad
