Author:Ruud Burger 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react/src/ReactContext.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/shared/ReactErrorUtils.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.internal.js
packages/shared/forks/invokeGuardedCallback.www.js
packages/shared/forks/invokeGuardedCallbackImpl.www.js
packages/shared/invokeGuardedCallbackImpl.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorLoggingRecovery-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.js
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js
scripts/jest/setupEnvironment.js
scripts/jest/setupTests.js
scripts/jest/shouldIgnoreConsoleError.js

Author:Conrad Irwin 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/error-handling/index.js
packages/shared/invokeGuardedCallback.js

Author:davidblnc 
packages/shared/reactProdInvariant.js

Author:Moti Zilberman 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Esteban 
.flowcoverage
.gitignore
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Rauno Freiberg 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/home.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/style.css

Author:Rauno Freiberg 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
packages/shared/warningWithoutStack.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/error-handling/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/style.css
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/shared/invokeGuardedCallback.js

Author:Rauno Freiberg 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js

Author:Rauno Freiberg 
fixtures/dom/src/components/FixtureSet.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Iframe.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/buttons/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/date-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/error-handling/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/event-pooling/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/media-events/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/mouse-events/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/password-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js

Author:Philipp Spieß 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ToStringValue.js

Author:Ryan Florence 
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/public/index.html

Author:Philipp Spieß 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/SafeValue.js

Author:Moti Zilberman 
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticPointerEvent.js

Author:Philipp Spieß 
fixtures/dom/yarn.lock
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js

Author:Alex Rohleder 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Kazuhiro Sera 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorReplay-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationElements-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationReconnecting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMHostConfig.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan 
packages/shared/describeComponentFrame.js

Author:Billy Janitsch 
packages/shared/__tests__/describeComponentFrame-test.js
packages/shared/describeComponentFrame.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactProfilerTimer.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js

Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md

Author:Esteban 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:nico 
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/UserPage.js

Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Clark Du 
scripts/release/build-commands/check-package-dependencies.js

Author:Alexey Raspopov 
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/UserPage.js

Author:Alexey Raspopov 
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/Spinner.js

Author:Jason Quense 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactTestUtils-test.js.snap
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMTopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Gareth Small 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Dmytro Zasyadko 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Felix Wu 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js

Author:Dan 
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/App.js
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/UserPage.js

Author:Alex Jegtnes 
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/Spinner.css
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/Spinner.js

Author:Alexey 
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js

Author:ryota-murakami 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/README.md

Author:Andrew Patton 
fixtures/dom/package.json
fixtures/dom/src/components/Fixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Iframe.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selection-events/OnSelectEventTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selection-events/ReorderedInputsTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selection-events/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/react-loader.js
fixtures/dom/yarn.lock
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactInputSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorLoggingRecovery-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js
scripts/jest/config.build.js

Author:Yunchan Cho 
packages/react-art/src/ReactART.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationForms-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/src/index.js

Author:Ideveloper 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/README.md

Author:Jiawen Geng 
appveyor.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/src/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/.gitignore
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/README.md
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/package.json
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/public/favicon.ico
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/public/img/acdlite.jpeg
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/public/img/bvaughn.jpeg
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/public/img/flarnie.jpeg
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/public/img/gaearon.jpeg
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/public/img/sebmarkbage.jpeg
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/public/img/sophiebits.jpeg
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/public/img/trueadm.jpeg
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/public/index.html
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/public/manifest.json
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/api/data.js
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/api/index.js
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/cache.js
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/App.js
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/ContributorListPage.js
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/Spinner.css
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/Spinner.js
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/components/UserPage.js
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/index.css
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/src/index.js
fixtures/unstable-async/suspense/yarn.lock
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/.gitignore
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/README.md
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/package.json
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/public/favicon.ico
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/public/index.html
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/public/manifest.json
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/src/Charts.js
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/src/Clock.js
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/src/index.css
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/src/index.js
fixtures/unstable-async/time-slicing/yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
fixtures/suspense/cpu/.gitignore
fixtures/suspense/cpu/README.md
fixtures/suspense/cpu/package.json
fixtures/suspense/cpu/public/favicon.ico
fixtures/suspense/cpu/public/index.html
fixtures/suspense/cpu/public/manifest.json
fixtures/suspense/cpu/src/Charts.js
fixtures/suspense/cpu/src/Clock.js
fixtures/suspense/cpu/src/index.css
fixtures/suspense/cpu/src/index.js
fixtures/suspense/cpu/yarn.lock
fixtures/suspense/io/.gitignore
fixtures/suspense/io/README.md
fixtures/suspense/io/package.json
fixtures/suspense/io/public/favicon.ico
fixtures/suspense/io/public/img/acdlite.jpeg
fixtures/suspense/io/public/img/bvaughn.jpeg
fixtures/suspense/io/public/img/flarnie.jpeg
fixtures/suspense/io/public/img/gaearon.jpeg
fixtures/suspense/io/public/img/sebmarkbage.jpeg
fixtures/suspense/io/public/img/sophiebits.jpeg
fixtures/suspense/io/public/img/trueadm.jpeg
fixtures/suspense/io/public/index.html
fixtures/suspense/io/public/manifest.json
fixtures/suspense/io/src/api/data.js
fixtures/suspense/io/src/api/index.js
fixtures/suspense/io/src/cache.js
fixtures/suspense/io/src/components/App.js
fixtures/suspense/io/src/components/ContributorListPage.js
fixtures/suspense/io/src/components/Spinner.css
fixtures/suspense/io/src/components/Spinner.js
fixtures/suspense/io/src/components/UserPage.js
fixtures/suspense/io/src/index.css
fixtures/suspense/io/src/index.js
fixtures/suspense/io/yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js

Author:Dylan Cutler 
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMHostConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js

Author:Philipp Spieß 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Konstantin Yakushin 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationForms-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/utils/ReactDOMServerIntegrationTestUtils.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMHostConfig.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react/src/ReactContext.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/findDOMNode.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactSuspense-test.internal.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/createReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberDispatcher.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/ReactContext.js
packages/react/src/ReactCurrentOwner.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/shared/forks/warningWithoutStack.www.js
packages/shared/lowPriorityWarning.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingHydration.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactCurrentFiber.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRendererScheduling.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererAsync-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js
scripts/jest/matchers/testRenderer.js
scripts/jest/setupTests.js
scripts/jest/spec-equivalence-reporter/setupTests.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/print-warnings/print-warnings.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/jest/setupTests.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/createReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorReplay-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRendererScheduling.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererAsync-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js

Author:Mateusz Burzyński 
packages/create-subscription/src/createSubscription.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
scripts/jest/matchers/__tests__/toWarnDev-test.js
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js

Author:Nicole Levy 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js

Author:Fumiya Shibusawa 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js

Author:Johan Henriksson 
.prettierrc.js
package.json
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/events/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/shared/describeComponentFrame.js
scripts/bench/stats.js
yarn.lock

Author:jddxf 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationAttributes-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationElements-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js

Author:Thibault Malbranche 
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/createReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/jest/matchers/__tests__/toWarnDev-test.js
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/create-subscription/src/createSubscription.js
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/events/EventPropagators.js
packages/events/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/assertValidProps.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/warnValidStyle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberStack.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactProfilerTimer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/ReactContext.js
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
packages/react/src/forwardRef.js
packages/shared/getComponentName.js
packages/shared/lowPriorityWarning.js
packages/shared/warning.js
packages/shared/warningWithoutStack.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/SimpleCacheProvider.js
scripts/babel/__tests__/wrap-warning-with-env-check-test.js
scripts/babel/wrap-warning-with-env-check.js
scripts/eslint-rules/warning-and-invariant-args.js
scripts/jest/matchers/__tests__/toWarnDev-test.js
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/use-forks-plugin.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/jest/matchers/__tests__/toWarnDev-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/create-subscription/src/__tests__/createSubscription-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationAttributes-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationElements-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingHydration.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/forwardRef-test.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/__tests__/SimpleCacheProvider-test.js
scripts/jest/matchers/__tests__/toWarnDev-test.js
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js
scripts/jest/typescript/jest.d.ts

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactSuspense-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactSharedInternals.js
packages/shared/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
packages/shared/ReactSharedInternals.js
scripts/jest/setupHostConfigs.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationSpecialTypes-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingHydration.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react/src/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactProfilerTimer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/shared/getComponentName.js

Author:Philipp Spieß 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationForms-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Sen Yang 
packages/create-subscription/src/createSubscription.js

Author:Moti Zilberman 
packages/react/src/forwardRef.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:dongyuwei 
package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/create-subscription/README.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRendererScheduling.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererAsync-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react/src/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererTraversal-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/forwardRef-test.js
packages/react/src/forwardRef.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactCapturedValue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
packages/react-art/src/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestHostConfig.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.internal.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Chang Yan 
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.test-renderer.www.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
scripts/jest/setupEnvironment.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactProfilerTimer.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfilerDevToolsIntegration-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/createReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactProfilerTimer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorReplay-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfilerDevToolsIntegration-test.internal.js

Author:XuMM_12 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js

Author:Rouven Weßling 
packages/react-dom/src/events/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactSuspense-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/shared/ReactSymbols.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
packages/shared/getComponentName.js
packages/shared/isValidElementType.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/createReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactSuspense-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-art/src/ReactARTHostConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeHostConfig.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/createReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberPendingPriority.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactSuspense-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberHostConfig.custom.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestHostConfig.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Joseph Lin 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/README.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/PluginModuleType.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
scripts/flow/react-native-host-hooks.js

Author:Hilbrand Bouwkamp 
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/wrappers.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/README.md

Author:Rauno Freiberg 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md

Author:Jason Williams 
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticMouseEvent-test.js

Author:Dustin Masters 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
fixtures/schedule/index.html
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js

Author:Michael Ridgway 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationForms-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Nathan Quarles 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Jason Williams 
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticMouseEvent.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfilerDevToolsIntegration-test.internal.js

Author:Nathan Quarles 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/README.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactExpiration-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.internal.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/createReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberPendingPriority.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactExpiration-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactExpiration-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactSuspense-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/rollup/build.js
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/create-subscription/package.json
packages/create-subscription/src/createSubscription.js
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/events/EventPropagators.js
packages/events/ReactControlledComponent.js
packages/events/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/accumulate.js
packages/events/accumulateInto.js
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-art/src/ReactARTHostConfig.js
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelection-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/assertValidProps.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/checkReact.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/warnValidStyle.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricComponentTree.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/FabricUIManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostConfig.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberStack.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactProfilerTimer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberErrorDialog.www.js
packages/react-scheduler/package.json
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react/package.json
packages/react/src/ReactBaseClasses.js
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/ReactContext.js
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
packages/react/src/forwardRef.js
packages/shared/HostConfigWithNoHydration.js
packages/shared/HostConfigWithNoMutation.js
packages/shared/HostConfigWithNoPersistence.js
packages/shared/ReactErrorUtils.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.test-renderer.js
packages/shared/forks/invariant.www.js
packages/shared/forks/invokeGuardedCallback.www.js
packages/shared/forks/warning.www.js
packages/shared/invariant.js
packages/shared/invokeGuardedCallback.js
packages/shared/reactProdInvariant.js
packages/shared/warning.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/package.json
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/SimpleCacheProvider.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/replace-invariant-error-codes-test.js
scripts/release/config.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-art/src/ReactARTHostConfig.js
packages/react-art/src/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeHostConfig.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/createReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestHostConfig.js
packages/react/src/ReactBaseClasses.js
scripts/jest/setupEnvironment.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/warnValidStyle.js
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactInputSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getActiveElement.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getTextContentAccessor.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/isEventSupported.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/hyphenateStyleName.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/warnValidStyle.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/shared/ExecutionEnvironment.js
packages/shared/shallowEqual.js

Author:Jason Williams 
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/mouse-events/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/mouse-events/mouse-movement.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticMouseEvent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberPendingPriority.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorReplay-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactSuspense-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react/src/__tests__/forwardRef-test.internal.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberPendingPriority.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js

Author:Crux 
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricGlobalResponderHandler.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjectionShared.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricComponentTree.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjectionShared.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js
packages/shared/forks/requestAnimationFrameForReact.www.js
packages/shared/requestAnimationFrameForReact.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberPendingPriority.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/create-subscription/package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-is/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Philipp Spieß 
package.json
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingHydration.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/TapEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/__tests__/ReactScheduler-test.js
yarn.lock

Author:Rafał Ruciński 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.test-renderer.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-scheduler/package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
.eslintrc.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-oss.js
scripts/flow/environment.js
scripts/jest/setupEnvironment.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/wrappers.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererTraversal-test.js

Author:Philipp Spieß 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventTarget.js

Author:Eric Soderberg 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationNewContext-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Jifa Jiang 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactInputSelection.js

Author:Nathan Quarles 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/README.md

Author:Ivan Babak 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/shared/requestAnimationFrameForReact.js

Author:Ivan Babak 
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js

Author:Nathan Quarles 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Demian Dekoninck 
appveyor.yml

Author:Ende93 
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js

Author:Maxime Nory 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationForms-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js

Author:Héctor Ramos 
scripts/tasks/danger.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
fixtures/schedule/index.html
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/__tests__/ReactScheduler-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/SimpleCacheProvider.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/SimpleCacheProvider.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/__tests__/SimpleCacheProvider-test.js

Author:Spyros Ioakeimidis 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/ReplaceEmailInput.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactInputSelection.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/shared/requestAnimationFrameForReact.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-art/src/ReactARTHostConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMHostConfig.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/shared/ReactScheduler.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactScheduler.www.js
packages/shared/requestAnimationFrameForReact.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release/build.js
scripts/release/package.json
scripts/release/publish-commands/get-npm-two-factor-auth.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js
scripts/release/publish.js
scripts/release/yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/forwardRef-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/forwardRef-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
appveyor.yml

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js

Author:Simen Bekkhus 
package.json
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/utils/ReactDOMServerIntegrationTestUtils.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/__tests__/ReactScheduler-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js
yarn.lock

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
.circleci/config.yml

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRendererScheduling.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRendererScheduling.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererAsync-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactProfilerTimer.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
fixtures/schedule/index.html
packages/react-scheduler/src/__tests__/test_page.html

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-scheduler/src/__tests__/ReactScheduler-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
package.json
packages/create-subscription/package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-is/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/package.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
yarn.lock

Author:Chang Yan 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
packages/shared/getComponentName.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Chang Yan 
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactSuspense-test.internal.js

Author:Chang Yan 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.test-renderer.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native-fb/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMTopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/__tests__/ReactScheduler-test.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
appveyor.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMHostConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/inputValueTracking.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFrameScheduling.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/createReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
scripts/flow/config/flowconfig
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactProfilerTimer.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/jest/setupHostConfigs.js

Author:Kevin Lamping 
netlify.toml

Author:Kevin (Kun) "Kassimo" Qian 
packages/react-reconciler/README.md

Author:Sophie Alpert 
packages/shared/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.internal.js
packages/shared/reactProdInvariant.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
appveyor.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-art/src/ReactART.js
packages/react-art/src/ReactARTHostConfig.js
packages/react-art/src/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFrameScheduling.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoopPersistent.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/createReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/index.js
packages/react-reconciler/inline-typed.js
packages/react-reconciler/inline.art.js
packages/react-reconciler/inline.dom.js
packages/react-reconciler/inline.fabric.js
packages/react-reconciler/inline.native.js
packages/react-reconciler/inline.test.js
packages/react-reconciler/persistent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostConfig.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberStack.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactProfilerTimer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactPersistent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberHostConfig.art.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberHostConfig.custom.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberHostConfig.dom.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberHostConfig.fabric.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberHostConfig.native.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberHostConfig.test.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestHostConfig.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRendererScheduling.js
packages/shared/HostConfigWithNoHydration.js
packages/shared/HostConfigWithNoMutation.js
packages/shared/HostConfigWithNoPersistence.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.test-renderer.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js
scripts/flow/config/flowconfig
scripts/flow/createFlowConfigs.js
scripts/flow/runFlow.js
scripts/flow/typedRenderers.js
scripts/jest/config.base.js
scripts/jest/config.build.js
scripts/jest/config.source.js
scripts/jest/setupEnvironment.js
scripts/jest/setupHostConfigs.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/wrappers.js
scripts/shared/inlinedHostConfigs.js
scripts/tasks/flow-ci.js
scripts/tasks/flow.js

Author:Royi Hagigi 
packages/react-scheduler/src/__tests__/ReactScheduler-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactSymbols-test.internal.js

Author:Dan 
scripts/flow/runFlow.js

Author:Pete Nykänen 
scripts/bench/README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
.gitignore
package.json
scripts/flow/config/flowconfig
scripts/flow/createFlowConfigs.js
scripts/flow/runFlow.js
scripts/flow/typedRenderers.js
scripts/tasks/flow-ci.js
scripts/tasks/flow.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricEventEmitter.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/events/TopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/FabricUIManager.js
scripts/flow/react-native-host-hooks.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
appveyor.yml

Author:Gary Wang 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.flowconfig
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactCapturedValue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/shared/forks/requestAnimationFrameForReact.www.js
packages/shared/requestAnimationFrameForReact.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/shared/ReactSymbols.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
scripts/release/build-commands/run-automated-tests.js
scripts/tasks/flow-ci.js
scripts/tasks/flow.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.internal.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react/src/React.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-art/src/ReactARTHostConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMHostConfig.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/__tests__/ReactScheduler-test.js

Author:Philipp Spieß 
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/pointer-events/drag-box.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/pointer-events/drag.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/pointer-events/hover-box.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/pointer-events/hover.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/pointer-events/index.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactTestUtils-test.js.snap
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMTopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticPointerEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-oss.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/FabricUIManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js
scripts/flow/react-native-host-hooks.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-call-return/README.md
packages/react-call-return/index.js
packages/react-call-return/npm/index.js
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-call-return/src/ReactCallReturn.js
packages/react-call-return/src/__tests__/ReactCallReturn-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
packages/shared/ReactSymbols.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
packages/shared/getComponentName.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/TopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMTopLevelEventTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/TopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMTopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/PluginModuleType.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/PluginModuleType.js
packages/events/TopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/TopLevelEventTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMTopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererTraversal-test.js

Author:Philipp Spieß 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/password-inputs/index.js
package.json
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/events/PluginModuleType.js
packages/events/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
packages/events/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/events/ResponderTopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/events/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/events/TopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/events/forks/ResponderTopLevelEventTypes.dom.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMTopLevelEventTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/EventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/TapEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
yarn.lock

Author:Maxim 
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactDebugTool.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactPerf.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.internal.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native-fb/ReactFeatureFlags.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactDebugTool.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactFabric.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNative.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactPerf.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-art/src/ReactART.js
packages/react-art/src/ReactARTHostConfig.js
packages/react-art/src/ReactARTInternals.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeHostConfig.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestHostConfig.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRendererScheduling.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js
scripts/circleci/check_modules.sh

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabricAndNative-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactNativeMount-test.internal.js.snap

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.internal.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/wrappers.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
packages/shared/getComponentName.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.circleci/config.yml
appveyor.yml
package.json
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/closure-plugin.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/sizes-plugin.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/use-forks-plugin.js
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-noop-renderer/npm/persistent.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/persistent.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoopPersistent.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/createReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactPersistent-test.internal.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
package.json

Author:Dan 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.test-renderer.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js

Author:Filipp Riabchun 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-art/src/ReactART.js
packages/react-art/src/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react/src/ReactContext.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberPendingPriority.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactSuspense-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/ReactSymbols.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.test-renderer.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js
packages/shared/isValidElementType.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-is/src/ReactIs.js
packages/react-is/src/__tests__/ReactIs-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactProfilerTimer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactTypeOfMode.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererTraversal-test.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactProfiler-test.internal.js.snap
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/ReactSymbols.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.test-renderer.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js
packages/shared/getComponentName.js
packages/shared/isValidElementType.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/__tests__/ReactScheduler-test.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js

Author:bee0060 
dangerfile.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
package.json
scripts/jest/dont-run-jest-directly.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererTraversal-test.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.babelrc

Author:Airam 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/forwardRef-test.internal.js

Author:Heaven 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.internal.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/__tests__/ReactScheduler-test.js
packages/react-scheduler/src/__tests__/test_page.html
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.test-renderer.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererAsync-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/create-subscription/src/__tests__/createSubscription-test.internal.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js

Author:Nicole Levy 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationLegacyContext-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationNewContext-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-art/src/ReactART.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-scheduler/README.md
packages/react-scheduler/index.js
packages/react-scheduler/npm/index.js
packages/react-scheduler/package.json
packages/react-scheduler/src/ReactScheduler.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react/src/__tests__/forwardRef-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/forwardRef.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabricAndNative-test.internal.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric-oss.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fb.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-oss.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native-fb/ReactFeatureFlags.js
scripts/rollup/sync.js
scripts/rollup/validate/index.js
scripts/rollup/wrappers.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/utils/ReactDOMServerIntegrationTestUtils.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberErrorDialog.native.js
scripts/jest/config.build.js
scripts/jest/setupTests.js
scripts/release/build-commands/print-post-build-summary.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release/build-commands/update-noop-renderer-dependencies.js

Author:Heaven 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/create-subscription/package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-is/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
yarn.lock

Author:Floris Doolaard 
scripts/release/README.md

Author:Alex Zherdev 
packages/create-subscription/README.md

Author:Rauno Freiberg 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/shared/getComponentName.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
dangerfile.js
scripts/circleci/build.sh
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/stats.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/EventPluginHub.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactInstanceMap.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/TapEventPlugin.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/findDOMNode.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Steven Frieson 
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNodeHandle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNumericNodeHandle.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/View.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabricAndNative-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeError-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
scripts/flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.internal.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativePropRegistry.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.internal.js

Author:Nicole Levy 
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/shared/forks/reactProdInvariant.www.js
packages/shared/reactProdInvariant.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/shared/forks/reactProdInvariant.www.js
packages/shared/reactProdInvariant.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/wrappers.js

Author:Rafael Hovhannisyan 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js

Author:Heaven 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/takeSnapshot.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/takeSnapshot.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabricAndNative-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNodeHandle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNumericNodeHandle.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNodeHandle.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/events/TouchHistoryMath.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/TouchHistoryMath.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeError-test.internal.js

Author:Nicole Levy 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/shared/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.internal.js
packages/shared/reactProdInvariant.js
scripts/error-codes/replace-invariant-error-codes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/babel/__tests__/wrap-warning-with-env-check-test.js
scripts/babel/wrap-warning-with-env-check.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/create-subscription/package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-is/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react/src/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react/src/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/wrappers.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/create-subscription/package.json

Author:Mateusz Burzyński 
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react/src/ReactContext.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorReplay-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorReplay-test.internal.js

Author:heikkilamarko 
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Minh Nguyen 
packages/create-subscription/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/create-subscription/package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-is/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.test-renderer.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-is/README.md

Author:James Reggio 
packages/react-is/src/ReactIs.js
packages/react-is/src/__tests__/ReactIs-test.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/shared/isValidElementType.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap

Author:Dustan Kasten 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFrameScheduling.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererAsync-test.js
packages/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.test-renderer.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js

Author:Nikolay 
packages/create-subscription/README.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release/build-commands/update-package-versions.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/create-subscription/package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-is/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/package.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/create-subscription/README.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js

Author:Jason Quense 
packages/react-is/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js

Author:Maël Nison 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js

Author:Maël Nison 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Rene Hangstrup Møller 
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/create-subscription/package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-is/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.internal.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/create-subscription/src/__tests__/createSubscription-test.internal.js
packages/create-subscription/src/createSubscription.js

Author:Rajendra arora 
README.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Rajendra arora 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js

Author:Léo Andrès 
scripts/circleci/set_up_github_keys.sh
scripts/circleci/test_coverage.sh
scripts/circleci/track_stats.sh
scripts/circleci/upload_build.sh

Author:Barry Michael Doyle 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Vasiliy 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactFabric.js

Author:Kevin Gozali 
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactFabric.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js

Author:Jason Quense 
packages/react-is/src/ReactIs.js
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.internal.js
scripts/release/build-commands/update-package-versions.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberStack.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.internal.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/create-subscription/src/createSubscription.js

Author:Roman Hotsiy 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCreateRef-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/create-subscription/README.md
packages/create-subscription/package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/create-subscription/package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-is/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationRefs-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-is/src/ReactIs.js
packages/react-is/src/__tests__/ReactIs-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/forwardRef-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/forwardRef.js
packages/shared/ReactSymbols.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react/src/ReactCreateRef.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCreateRef-test.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/create-subscription/README.md
packages/create-subscription/index.js
packages/create-subscription/npm/index.js
packages/create-subscription/package.json
packages/create-subscription/src/__tests__/createSubscription-test.internal.js
packages/create-subscription/src/createSubscription.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react/src/ReactContext.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponent.js

Author:Brian Emil Hartz 
packages/react-test-renderer/README.md

Author:Kiho · Cham 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Gustavo Saiani 
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/SimpleCacheProvider.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/__tests__/SimpleCacheProvider-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/SimpleCacheProvider.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/__tests__/SimpleCacheProvider-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactGlobalSharedState.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/FabricUIManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.internal.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh

Author:Héctor Ramos 
scripts/tasks/danger.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.internal.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactCapturedValue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorDialog.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUnwindWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactExpiration-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberErrorDialog.native.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberErrorDialog.www.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/shared/ReactErrorUtils.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js
packages/shared/invokeGuardedCallback.js

Author:Rauno Freiberg 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Gordon Dent 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
dangerfile.js
scripts/rollup/stats.js

Author:Kevin Gozali 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjectionShared.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js

Author:Abhay Nikam 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/simple-cache-provider/package.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/simple-cache-provider/README.md
packages/simple-cache-provider/index.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/npm/index.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/package.json
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/SimpleCacheProvider.js
packages/simple-cache-provider/src/__tests__/SimpleCacheProvider-test.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Orta 
dangerfile.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/release/build-commands/check-circle-ci-status.js
scripts/release/build-commands/update-git.js
scripts/release/config.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/check-build-status.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/push-git-remote.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release/build-commands/check-package-dependencies.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-is/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactFabric.js

Author:Orta 
dangerfile.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixin.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.internal.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-is/README.md
packages/react-is/index.js
packages/react-is/npm/index.js
packages/react-is/package.json
packages/react-is/src/ReactIs.js
packages/react-is/src/__tests__/ReactIs-test.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/validate/eslintrc.umd.js

Author:Orta 
dangerfile.js
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
scripts/rollup/stats.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactContext.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/stats.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.eslintrc.js
dangerfile.js
package.json
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/FabricUIManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.internal.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
scripts/error-codes/invertObject.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:C. T. Lin 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationModes-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:C. T. Lin 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationFragment-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationStrictMode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactCreateRef.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js

Author:Nicolas Gallagher 
packages/events/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/TapEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.internal.js

Author:Jordan Tepper 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationElements-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/npm/persistent.js
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/persistent.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.persistent.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release/build-commands/install-yarn-dependencies.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
scripts/release/build-commands/update-noop-renderer-dependencies.js
scripts/release/build-commands/update-package-versions.js
scripts/release/build.js

Author:Ivan Starkov 
scripts/tasks/eslint.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js

Author:Maël Nison 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.internal.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.internal.js
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/shared/ReactContext.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/events/ReactControlledComponent.js
packages/events/ReactGenericBatching.js
packages/events/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactTypeOfMode.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactBaseClasses.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/ReactSymbols.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.internal.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js

Author:Maciej Kasprzyk 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Hendrik Liebau 
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-call-return/src/__tests__/ReactCallReturn-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.internal.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
package.json
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberNewContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactNewContext-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/maxSigned31BitInt.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/shared/ReactContext.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/ReactSymbols.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactStrictModeWarnings.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactTypeOfInternalContext.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactBaseClasses.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactStrictMode-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactSymbols.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactAsyncClassComponent-test.internal.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-call-return/src/__tests__/ReactCallReturn-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugAsyncWarnings.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactAsyncClassComponent-test.internal.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/FabricUIManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js.snap

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-native-renderer/fabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabric.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactFabricRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/FabricUIManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactFabric-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNodeHandle.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-fabric.js
scripts/flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
yarn.lock

Author:Claire L 
dangerfile.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-call-return/src/__tests__/ReactCallReturn-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationContext-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerLifecycles-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixin.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.internal.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactAsyncClassComponent-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-cs.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json

Author:Esben Sparre Andreasen 
dangerfile.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-cs-renderer/index.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/package.json
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSTypes.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__mocks__/CSStatefulComponent.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeCS-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/RTManager.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/index.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/package.json
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTComponentTree.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTEventEmitter.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberInspector.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTTagHandles.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTTypes.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeRT-test.internal.js
scripts/circleci/check_modules.sh
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/sync.js

Author:Orta 
dangerfile.js
package.json
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/stats.js
scripts/tasks/danger.js
yarn.lock

Author:Rick Hanlon II 
scripts/jest/setupEnvironment.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactTestUtils-test.js.snap
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Simen Bekkhus 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Semen Zhydenko 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
scripts/babel/transform-prevent-infinite-loops.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/index.html
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-class-components/index.html
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-functional-components/index.html
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-no-components/index.html
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/public/test.mp4
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/media-events/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
.flowcoverage
.gitignore
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
.eslintrc.js
package.json
scripts/eslint-rules/index.js
yarn.lock

Author:Neil Kistner 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Md Zubair Ahmed 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/package.json
fixtures/dom/package.json
fixtures/expiration/package.json
fixtures/expiration/yarn.lock
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-art/src/ReactART.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-cs.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js

Author:Rick Hanlon II 
scripts/circleci/test_coverage.sh
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh

Author:Reinier Hartog 
packages/react-call-return/src/__tests__/ReactCallReturn-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Shi Yan 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Lucas Azzola 
.prettierrc.js
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
appveyor.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh

Author:Haisheng Wu 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:jwbay 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
packages/events/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMClientInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js

Author:Jason Quense 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js

Author:Md Zubair Ahmed 
packages/react-dom/src/client/inputValueTracking.js

Author:Roderick Hsiao 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Jason Quense 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setTextContent.js

Author:Sotiris Kiritsis 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/multiple-copies-of-react-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/utils/ReactDOMServerIntegrationTestUtils.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js

Author:Ronald Eddy Jr 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventTarget.js

Author:Nicolas Straub 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventCharCode.js

Author:Jason Quense 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Santosh Venkatraman 
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/art/package.json
fixtures/art/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/browserify/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/browserify/dev/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/browserify/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/browserify/prod/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/dev/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/prod/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/dev/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/prod/config.js
fixtures/ssr/package.json
fixtures/ssr/yarn.lock
scripts/jest/config.build.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/check-build-status.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/validate/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-art/src/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
packages/react-art/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactART-test.js.snap
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationAttributes-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationElements-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/utils/ReactDOMServerIntegrationTestUtils.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
scripts/jest/setupEnvironment.js
yarn.lock

Author:Sotiris Kiritsis 
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingHydration.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/TapEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMAttribute-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Taehwan, No 
README.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-art/src/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
scripts/jest/matchers/toWarnDev.js
scripts/jest/setupTests.js
scripts/jest/spec-equivalence-reporter/setupTests.js
scripts/jest/typescript/jest.d.ts

Author:Brandon Dail 
packages/react-dom/src/events/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeCS-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingHydration.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactExpiration-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactPersistent-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeRT-test.internal.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererTraversal-test.js
scripts/jest/setupEnvironment.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/build.sh

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/build.sh

Author:Dan 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/build.sh

Author:Dan 
scripts/rollup/stats.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/build.sh

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/stats.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/stats.js

Author:Thomas Broadley 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Orta 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/stats.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/attributes.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/possibleStandardNames.js

Author:alisherdavronov 
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/build.sh

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/upload_build.sh

Author:Raphael Amorim 
.flowconfig
appveyor.yml
package.json
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
yarn.lock

Author:Alexey Raspopov 
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js

Author:Sam Goldman 
scripts/flow/react-native-host-hooks.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.internal.js

Author:Yu Tian 
packages/react-art/Circle.js
packages/react-art/Rectangle.js
packages/react-art/Wedge.js
packages/react-art/src/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
packages/react-art/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactART-test.js.snap

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-call-return/src/ReactCallReturn.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js
packages/shared/getComponentName.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticDragEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticInputEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticUIEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
yarn.lock

Author:Jack Hou 
package.json
packages/events/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-art/npm/Wedge.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/forks/EventListener-www.js
scripts/babel/__tests__/transform-prevent-infinite-loops-test.js
scripts/babel/transform-object-assign-require.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/benchmark.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/build.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/generate.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/top-stories.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-class-components/benchmark.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-class-components/build.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-functional-components/benchmark.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-functional-components/build.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-no-components/benchmark.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-no-components/build.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/replace-invariant-error-codes-test.js
scripts/error-codes/replace-invariant-error-codes.js
scripts/eslint-rules/__tests__/no-primitive-constructors-test.internal.js
scripts/eslint-rules/__tests__/warning-and-invariant-args-test.internal.js
scripts/eslint-rules/warning-and-invariant-args.js
scripts/eslint/eslintrc.default.js
scripts/eslint/eslintrc.es5.js
scripts/eslint/eslintrc.esnext.js
scripts/eslint/index.js
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js
scripts/flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/jest/setupTests.js
scripts/jest/spec-equivalence-reporter/setupTests.js
scripts/jest/typescript/preprocessor.js
scripts/prettier/index.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/__tests__/wrap-warning-with-env-check-test.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/wrap-warning-with-env-check.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactFeatureFlags.js
scripts/shared/__tests__/evalToString-test.js
scripts/shared/listChangedFiles.js
scripts/shared/pathsByLanguageVersion.js
scripts/tasks/eslint.js
scripts/tasks/flow.js
scripts/tasks/linc.js

Author:XaveScor 
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationAttributes-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js

Author:Adrian Carolli 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
packages/react-dom/src/events/isEventSupported.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationAttributes-test.js

Author:Manas 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactInputSelection.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/events/EventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/forks/EventListener-www.js
scripts/flow/environment.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/babel/__tests__/transform-prevent-infinite-loops-test.js
scripts/babel/transform-prevent-infinite-loops.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/jest/setupTests.js

Author:Anushree Subramani 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/utils.js
yarn.lock

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/react-dom/index.fb.js
packages/react-dom/index.js
packages/react-dom/server.browser.js
packages/react-dom/server.node.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/FallbackCompositionState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticDragEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticInputEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticUIEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventCharCode.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventKey.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventModifierState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventTarget.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/isEventSupported.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-dom/test-utils.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMAttribute-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelection-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationBasic-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationElements-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationForms-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationReconnecting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/TapEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/escapeTextForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/multiple-copies-of-react-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/utils/ReactDOMServerIntegrationTestUtils.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.internal.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactAsyncClassComponent-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Yu Tian 
package.json
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/utils.js
yarn.lock

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/escapeTextForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/assertValidProps.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/createMicrosoftUnsafeLocalFunction.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/omittedCloseTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/possibleStandardNames.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/validAriaProperties.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/voidElementTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/warnValidStyle.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/index.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberStack.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/testDefinitions/PropTypes.d.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/testDefinitions/React.d.ts

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/bench/package.json
scripts/bench/yarn.lock

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/bench/README.md
scripts/bench/build.js
scripts/bench/runner.js
scripts/bench/stats.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
packages/shared/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
packages/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.internal.js
packages/shared/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.internal.js
packages/shared/isTextInputElement.js
packages/shared/lowPriorityWarning.js
packages/shared/reactProdInvariant.js

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/react-test-renderer/index.js
packages/react-test-renderer/shallow.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/react-reconciler/index.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberInstrumentation.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactExpiration-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactPersistent-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerNode.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/react-call-return/src/ReactCallReturn.js
packages/react-call-return/src/__tests__/ReactCallReturn-test.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/index.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeCS-test.internal.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/index.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTComponentTree.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTEventEmitter.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberInspector.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTTagHandles.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeRT-test.internal.js

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/react-native-renderer/index.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixinUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/BatchedBridge.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/RCTEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/RTManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/TextInputState.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/View.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/deepDiffer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/deepFreezeAndThrowOnMutationInDev.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/flattenStyle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNodeHandle.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/index.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Whien 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/TapEventPlugin-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFB.js
packages/shared/ReactErrorUtils.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.internal.js
packages/shared/forks/invokeGuardedCallback.www.js
packages/shared/invokeGuardedCallback.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js

Author:abiduzz420 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactPersistent-test.internal.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js
packages/shared/ReactPortal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberErrorDialog.www.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFB.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorDialog.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberErrorDialog.native.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/forks/ReactFiberErrorDialog.www.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js
scripts/flow/environment.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/plugins/use-forks-plugin.js

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/react-art/index.js
packages/react-art/src/__tests__/ReactART-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.flowconfig
package.json
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeCS-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/forks/ReactCurrentOwner.www.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native-cs.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.native.js
packages/shared/forks/ReactFeatureFlags.www.js
packages/shared/forks/lowPriorityWarning.www.js
packages/shared/forks/object-assign.umd.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/forks.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/sizes-plugin.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/use-forks-plugin.js
yarn.lock

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/react/index.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactBaseClasses.js
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/ReactCurrentOwner.js
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactAsyncClassComponent-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/events/EventPropagators.js
packages/events/ReactControlledComponent.js
packages/events/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
packages/events/ReactGenericBatching.js
packages/events/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/events/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/TouchHistoryMath.js
packages/events/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.internal.js
packages/events/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/events/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Sotiris Kiritsis 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js

Author:Artem Fitiskin 
package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/shared/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/record-tests
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Dan Abramov 
appveyor.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
appveyor.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js

Author:Tim Jacobi 
packages/events/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js

Author:Gabriel Kalani 
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/invertObject-test.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/replace-invariant-error-codes-test.js
scripts/error-codes/extract-errors.js
scripts/error-codes/invertObject.js
scripts/error-codes/replace-invariant-error-codes.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Sotiris Kiritsis 
.eslintrc.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh

Author:Brian Vaughn 
.eslintrc.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
scripts/jest/setupTests.js
scripts/jest/spec-equivalence-reporter/setupTests.js
scripts/jest/typescript/jest.d.ts

Author:Clement Hoang 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Clement Hoang 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:rivenhk 
fixtures/reconciler/README.md
fixtures/reconciler/index.js
fixtures/reconciler/package.json
fixtures/reconciler/yarn.lock
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFB.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/npm/reflection.js
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/reflection.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberInspector.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
scripts/circleci/build.sh
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Michał Pierzchała 
.circleci/config.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Raphael Amorim 
.circleci/config.yml
appveyor.yml
circle.yml

Author:Jordan Tepper 
scripts/tasks/linc.js

Author:Ronald Eddy Jr 
packages/react-art/README.md
packages/react-test-renderer/README.md

Author:Alex Cordeiro 
scripts/prettier/index.js
scripts/shared/listChangedFiles.js
scripts/tasks/linc.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationFragment-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Clement Hoang 
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationFragment-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.internal.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactFeatureFlags-www.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/sync.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
circle.yml
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh

Author:Adrian Carolli 
package.json
scripts/circleci/build.sh
scripts/release/build-commands/run-automated-bundle-tests.js
scripts/release/build-commands/run-automated-tests.js
scripts/release/build.js
scripts/release/utils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release/build-commands/run-automated-tests.js

Author:Anton Arboleda 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/build.sh

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/inputValueTracking.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Ethan Arrowood 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Zubair Ahmed 
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.internal.js

Author:Jeremias Menichelli 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/escapeTextForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setTextContent.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/escapeTextForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/jest/config.source.js
scripts/jest/noHaste.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/events/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.internal.js
packages/events/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/events/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.internal.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeCS-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelection-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationAttributes-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationBasic-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationContext-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationElements-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationForms-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationFragment-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationReconnecting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegrationRefs-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/utils/ReactDOMServerIntegrationTestUtils.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.internal.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.internal.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactNativeEvents-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactNativeMount-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.internal.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/npm/index.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorLogging-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactPersistent-test.internal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.internal.js.snap
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeRT-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactAsyncClassComponent-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.internal.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.internal.js
packages/shared/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.internal.js
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
scripts/eslint-rules/__tests__/no-primitive-constructors-test.internal.js
scripts/eslint-rules/__tests__/warning-and-invariant-args-test.internal.js
scripts/jest/config.build.js
scripts/jest/config.source.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/jest/setupEnvironment.js
scripts/jest/setupTests.js
scripts/jest/spec-equivalence-reporter/setupTests.js
scripts/jest/typescript/jest.d.ts
scripts/jest/typescript/preprocessor.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/wrappers.js
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
scripts/jest/environment.js
scripts/jest/setup.js

Author:Alex Cordeiro 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-call-return/src/ReactCallReturn.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactPortal.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/shared/ReactSymbols.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
.eslintrc.js
package.json
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMAttribute-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js
packages/shared/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.js
scripts/circleci/test_coverage.sh
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
scripts/jest/environment.js
scripts/jest/jest.d.ts
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/jest/setupSpecEquivalenceReporter.js
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
scripts/tasks/jest.js
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Bryce Kalow 
scripts/eslint/index.js

Author:Matteo Vesprini-Heidrich 
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFeatureFlags.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactFeatureFlags-www.js

Author:Andy Davies 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Tim Jacobi 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js

Author:cristidrg 
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RadioNameChangeFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/index.js

Author:landvibe 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RadioNameChangeFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/index.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setTextContent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js

Author:Soo Jae Hwang 
package.json
scripts/rollup/build.js
yarn.lock

Author:Gordon Dent 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js

Author:Soo Jae Hwang 
package.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactAsyncClassComponent-test.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactFeatureFlags-www.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
.gitignore
.watchmanconfig

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
.gitignore

Author:Jason Quense 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RadioGroupFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/index.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/inputValueTracking.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
fixtures/expiration/.gitignore
fixtures/expiration/package.json
fixtures/expiration/public/index.html
fixtures/expiration/src/index.js
fixtures/expiration/yarn.lock
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFrameScheduling.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
scripts/jest/environment.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTTypes.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js
scripts/circleci/check_modules.sh

Author:Dean Brophy 
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/PluginModuleType.js
packages/events/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
packages/events/accumulateInto.js
packages/events/forEachAccumulated.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js

Author:HardikModha 
scripts/release/utils.js

Author:Johnson 
scripts/eslint/index.js
scripts/tasks/eslint.js
scripts/tasks/linc.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/public/react-logo.svg
fixtures/dom/src/components/FixtureSet.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/InputPlaceholderFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RadioClickFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RadioGroupFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RangeKeyboardFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/index.js

Author:Matt Travi 
packages/react-dom/server.browser.js
packages/react-dom/server.node.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerNode.js

Author:Max Schmeling 
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
.flowconfig
package.json
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js

Author:DouglasGimli 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js

Author:Bernardo Smaniotto 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap

Author:Audy Tanudjaja 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js

Author:Kristofer Selbekk 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release/build-commands/add-git-tag.js
scripts/release/build-commands/build-artifacts.js
scripts/release/build-commands/check-npm-permissions.js
scripts/release/build-commands/check-package-dependencies.js
scripts/release/build-commands/run-automated-tests.js
scripts/release/build-commands/update-package-versions.js
scripts/release/build.js
scripts/release/config.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js
scripts/release/publish.js
scripts/release/utils.js

Author:Clement Hoang 
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactFeatureFlags-www.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
scripts/circleci/check_modules.sh
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/header.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/wrappers.js
yarn.lock

Author:Mitermayer Reis 
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release/publish-commands/print-post-publish-summary.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js

Author:Haroen Viaene 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js

Author:Clement Hoang 
fixtures/art/VectorWidget.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/attributes.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Fixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/TestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/buttons/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/custom-elements/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/date-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/date-inputs/switch-date-test-case.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/error-handling/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/event-pooling/mouse-move.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/event-pooling/persistence.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/InputPlaceholderFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RadioClickFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RadioGroupFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RangeKeyboardFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/NumberTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/password-inputs/PasswordTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/InputTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/textareas/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/tags.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/App.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/Fibers.js
fixtures/reconciler/index.js
fixtures/ssr/src/components/Page.js
package.json
packages/events/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/TouchHistoryMath.js
packages/react-art/npm/Wedge.js
packages/react-call-return/src/__tests__/ReactCallReturn-test.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/multiple-copies-of-react-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFB.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getTextContentAccessor.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setInnerHTML.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/FallbackCompositionState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventKey.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberErrorDialog.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactPersistent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeRT-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
packages/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
packages/shared/ReactInstanceMap.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js
packages/shared/describeComponentFrame.js
scripts/eslint-rules/__tests__/no-primitive-constructors-test.js
scripts/eslint-rules/__tests__/warning-and-invariant-args-test.js
scripts/eslint-rules/no-primitive-constructors.js
scripts/eslint-rules/warning-and-invariant-args.js
scripts/prettier/index.js
scripts/print-warnings/print-warnings.js
scripts/release/build-commands/check-circle-ci-status.js
scripts/release/build-commands/parse-build-parameters.js
scripts/release/build-commands/print-post-build-summary.js
scripts/release/build.js
scripts/release/config.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/check-build-status.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/parse-publish-params.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js
scripts/release/publish.js
scripts/release/utils.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactFeatureFlags-www.js
scripts/rollup/sync.js
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release/config.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-call-return/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Tom 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Kiho · Cham 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/modules.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactFeatureFlags-www.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFB.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactFeatureFlags-www.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
.flowconfig
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
scripts/flow/environment.js
scripts/jest/setup.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactCurrentOwner-www.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactFeatureFlags-www.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/assign-umd.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/lowPriorityWarning-www.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js

Author:Raphael Amorim 
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactInputSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getTextContentAccessor.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/inputValueTracking.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setInnerHTML.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setTextContent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js

Author:Joe Lim 
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Joe Lim 
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Joe Lim 
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/events/EventPropagators.js
packages/events/ReactControlledComponent.js
packages/events/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
packages/events/ReactGenericBatching.js
packages/events/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/events/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/events/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMClientInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFB.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/FallbackCompositionState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/unstable-native-dependencies/ReactDOMUnstableNativeDependencies.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTComponentTree.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTEventEmitter.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberInspector.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Joe Lim 
package.json
scripts/tasks/linc.js

Author:Jonathan Silvestri 
packages/react-dom/src/client/__tests__/dangerouslySetInnerHTML-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js

Author:Mike Wilcox 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventKey.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/validate/index.js

Author:Soo Jae Hwang 
scripts/rollup/validate/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js

Author:Iacami Gevaerd 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release/build-commands/add-git-tag.js
scripts/release/build-commands/print-post-build-summary.js
scripts/release/build-commands/update-package-versions.js
scripts/release/build.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js

Author:Alex Cordeiro 
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/validate/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Michał Matyas 
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-call-return/README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release/build.js

Author:Clement Hoang 
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/events/EventPropagators.js
packages/events/PluginModuleType.js
packages/events/ReactControlledComponent.js
packages/events/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
packages/events/ReactGenericBatching.js
packages/events/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
packages/events/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/events/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/TouchHistoryMath.js
packages/events/accumulate.js
packages/events/accumulateInto.js
packages/events/forEachAccumulated.js
packages/react-art/src/ReactART.js
packages/react-call-return/src/ReactCallReturn.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMClientInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFB.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactInputSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getTextContentAccessor.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/inputValueTracking.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setInnerHTML.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setTextContent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/FallbackCompositionState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticDragEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticInputEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticUIEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventCharCode.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventKey.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventModifierState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventTarget.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/isEventSupported.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerNode.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMNamespaces.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLNodeType.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/assertValidProps.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/createMicrosoftUnsafeLocalFunction.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/isCustomComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/omittedCloseTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/validAriaProperties.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/voidElementTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/warnValidStyle.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixinUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberErrorDialog.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFrameScheduling.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNodeHandle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNumericNodeHandle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/takeSnapshot.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberInstrumentation.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberStack.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactPortal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactTypeOfInternalContext.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/index.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTComponentTree.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTEventEmitter.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberInspector.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTTagHandles.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTTypes.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactBaseClasses.js
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
packages/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
packages/shared/ReactElementType.js
packages/shared/ReactErrorUtils.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/shared/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
packages/shared/ReactInstanceMap.js
packages/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js
packages/shared/describeComponentFrame.js
packages/shared/getComponentName.js
packages/shared/isTextInputElement.js
packages/shared/lowPriorityWarning.js
packages/shared/reactProdInvariant.js
packages/shared/validateCallback.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/events/EventPropagators.js
packages/events/ReactControlledComponent.js
packages/events/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
packages/events/ReactGenericBatching.js
packages/events/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/events/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/TouchHistoryMath.js
packages/events/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
packages/events/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
packages/events/accumulate.js
packages/events/accumulateInto.js
packages/events/forEachAccumulated.js
packages/react-art/index.js
packages/react-art/src/ReactART.js
packages/react-call-return/src/ReactCallReturn.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/index.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__mocks__/CSStatefulComponent.js
packages/react-dom/index.fb.js
packages/react-dom/index.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMClientInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFB.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactInputSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getTextContentAccessor.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/inputValueTracking.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setInnerHTML.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setTextContent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/FallbackCompositionState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticDragEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticInputEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticUIEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventCharCode.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventKey.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventModifierState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventTarget.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/isEventSupported.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerNode.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMNamespaces.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLNodeType.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/assertValidProps.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/checkReact.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/createMicrosoftUnsafeLocalFunction.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/isCustomComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/omittedCloseTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/possibleStandardNames.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/validAriaProperties.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/voidElementTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/warnValidStyle.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-dom/src/unstable-native-dependencies/ReactDOMUnstableNativeDependencies.js
packages/react-dom/test-utils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/index.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixinUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberErrorDialog.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFrameScheduling.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/View.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNodeHandle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNumericNodeHandle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/takeSnapshot.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/index.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/index.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberStack.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactPortal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactTypeOfInternalContext.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/index.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTComponentTree.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTEventEmitter.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberInspector.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTTagHandles.js
packages/react-test-renderer/index.js
packages/react-test-renderer/shallow.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react/index.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactBaseClasses.js
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/ReactCurrentOwner.js
packages/react/src/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
packages/react/src/onlyChild.js
packages/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
packages/shared/ReactErrorUtils.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/shared/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
packages/shared/ReactInstanceMap.js
packages/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js
packages/shared/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.js
packages/shared/describeComponentFrame.js
packages/shared/getComponentName.js
packages/shared/isTextInputElement.js
packages/shared/lowPriorityWarning.js
packages/shared/reactProdInvariant.js
packages/shared/validateCallback.js
scripts/babel/transform-object-assign-require.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/replace-invariant-error-codes-test.js
scripts/error-codes/replace-invariant-error-codes.js
scripts/flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/jest/setup.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactCurrentOwner-www.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactFeatureFlags-www.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/assign-umd.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/lowPriorityWarning-www.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/build.sh
scripts/rollup/validate/eslintignore
scripts/rollup/validate/eslintrc.cjs.js
scripts/rollup/validate/eslintrc.fb.js
scripts/rollup/validate/eslintrc.rn.js
scripts/rollup/validate/eslintrc.umd.js
scripts/rollup/validate/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/shared/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Dean Brophy 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Clement Hoang 
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/shared/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Matteo Vesprini-Heidrich 
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js

Author:zombieJ 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Nic Bonetto 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMAttribute-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Anushree Subramani 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
packages/react/src/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js

Author:shawn wang 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Neal Wright 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js

Author:Clement Hoang 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Márcio Vicente 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md

Author:Aleem 
README.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSTypes.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__mocks__/CSStatefulComponent.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeCS-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js
scripts/circleci/check_modules.sh
scripts/flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react/src/React.js

Author:Lucas Lentz 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md

Author:Thiago Galvani 
README.md

Author:Dustan Kasten 
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Matteo Vesprini-Heidrich 
fixtures/dom/README.md

Author:Matteo Vesprini-Heidrich 
fixtures/dom/yarn.lock

Author:Dustan Kasten 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeCS-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelection-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactPersistent-test.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFrameScheduling.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNative.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-call-return/README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-call-return/README.md
packages/react-call-return/index.js
packages/react-call-return/npm/index.js
packages/react-call-return/package.json
packages/react-call-return/src/ReactCallReturn.js
packages/react-call-return/src/__tests__/ReactCallReturn-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactCoroutine.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/art/yarn.lock
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/events/EventPropagators.js
packages/events/ReactControlledComponent.js
packages/events/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/events/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/react-art/src/ReactART.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMClientInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactInputSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setTextContent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerNode.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/assertValidProps.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberErrorDialog.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNodeHandle.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTEventEmitter.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberInspector.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactBaseClasses.js
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/onlyChild.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
.flowconfig
packages/events/TouchHistoryMath.js
packages/shared/ReactElementType.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
scripts/circleci/check_modules.sh
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/replace-invariant-error-codes-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/index.fb.js
packages/shared/describeComponentFrame.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/EventPropagators.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticUIEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/TapEventPlugin.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-art/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/events/EventPropagators.js
packages/events/PluginModuleType.js
packages/events/ReactControlledComponent.js
packages/events/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
packages/events/ReactGenericBatching.js
packages/events/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
packages/events/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/events/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
packages/events/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
packages/events/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
packages/events/accumulate.js
packages/events/accumulateInto.js
packages/events/forEachAccumulated.js
packages/events/package.json
packages/react-art/npm/Circle.js
packages/react-art/npm/Rectangle.js
packages/react-art/npm/Wedge.js
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-art/src/ReactART.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/package.json
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSTypes.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeCS-test.js
packages/react-dom/index.fb.js
packages/react-dom/npm/server.js
packages/react-dom/npm/server.node.js
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-dom/server.js
packages/react-dom/server.node.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelection-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMClientInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactInputSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getTextContentAccessor.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/inputValueTracking.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setInnerHTML.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setTextContent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/FallbackCompositionState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticDragEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticInputEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticUIEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventCharCode.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventKey.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventModifierState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventTarget.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/isEventSupported.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerNode.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMNamespaces.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLNodeType.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/assertValidProps.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/checkReact.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/createMicrosoftUnsafeLocalFunction.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/isCustomComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/omittedCloseTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/possibleStandardNames.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/validAriaProperties.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/voidElementTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/warnValidStyle.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-dom/src/unstable-native-dependencies/ReactDOMUnstableNativeDependencies.js
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixinUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberErrorDialog.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/View.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNodeHandle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNumericNodeHandle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/takeSnapshot.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactCoroutine.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberInstrumentation.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberStack.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactPortal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactTypeOfInternalContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactPersistent-test.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/package.json
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTComponentTree.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTEventEmitter.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberInspector.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTTagHandles.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTTypes.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/react/src/ReactBaseClasses.js
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/ReactCurrentOwner.js
packages/react/src/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
packages/react/src/onlyChild.js
packages/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
packages/shared/ReactErrorUtils.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/shared/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
packages/shared/ReactInstanceMap.js
packages/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
packages/shared/ReactTypes.js
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js
packages/shared/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.js
packages/shared/getComponentName.js
packages/shared/isTextInputElement.js
packages/shared/lowPriorityWarning.js
packages/shared/package.json
packages/shared/reactProdInvariant.js
packages/shared/validateCallback.js
scripts/circleci/build.sh
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/dev-expression-with-codes-test.js
scripts/error-codes/extract-errors.js
scripts/error-codes/replace-invariant-error-codes.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/jest/setup.js
scripts/print-warnings/print-warnings.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/mangle.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/DevOnlyStubShim.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactCurrentOwner-www.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactDebugCurrentFrameRollupShim.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactFeatureFlags-www.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/assign-umd.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/lowPriorityWarning-www.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
circle.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/error-codes/replace-invariant-error-codes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/art/VectorWidget.js
packages/react-art/npm/Circle.js
packages/react-art/npm/Rectangle.js
packages/react-art/npm/Wedge.js
packages/react-art/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-art/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Vladimir Tsibizow 
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js

Author:Leo Selig 
packages/react-reconciler/README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/events/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/sync.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/events/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/events/EventPluginHub.js
packages/events/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/events/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/events/EventPropagators.js
packages/events/PluginModuleType.js
packages/events/ReactControlledComponent.js
packages/events/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
packages/events/ReactGenericBatching.js
packages/events/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
packages/events/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/events/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/events/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/events/TouchHistoryMath.js
packages/events/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
packages/events/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
packages/events/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
packages/events/accumulate.js
packages/events/accumulateInto.js
packages/events/forEachAccumulated.js
packages/events/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/DOMEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/FallbackCompositionState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticDragEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticInputEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticUIEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventCharCode.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventKey.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventModifierState.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/getEventTarget.js
packages/react-dom/src/events/isEventSupported.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactCoroutine.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactPortal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactTypes.js
packages/react/src/ReactBaseClasses.js
packages/react/src/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/ReactCurrentOwner.js
packages/react/src/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
packages/react/src/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/testDefinitions/PropTypes.d.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/testDefinitions/React.d.ts
packages/react/src/__tests__/testDefinitions/ReactDOM.d.ts
packages/react/src/onlyChild.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release/build-commands/update-package-versions.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/error-codes/replace-invariant-error-codes.js
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/shared/event/plugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/shared/event/plugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
packages/shared/event/plugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/shared/event/plugins/TouchHistoryMath.js
packages/shared/event/plugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/client/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticDragEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticInputEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticUIEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/getEventCharCode.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/getEventKey.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/getEventModifierState.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/getEventTarget.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/isEventSupported.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/DOMEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/event/plugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/getTextContentAccessor.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/inputValueTracking.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setInnerHTML.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/setTextContent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/assertValidProps.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/checkReact.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/createMicrosoftUnsafeLocalFunction.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/isCustomComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/omittedCloseTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/possibleStandardNames.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/validAriaProperties.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/voidElementTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/warnValidStyle.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
packages/shared/ReactElementType.js
packages/shared/ReactErrorUtils.js
packages/shared/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
packages/shared/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/shared/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
packages/shared/ReactInstanceMap.js
packages/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js
packages/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
packages/shared/ReactVersion.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js
packages/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js
packages/shared/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.js
packages/shared/describeComponentFrame.js
packages/shared/event/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
packages/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
packages/shared/event/PluginModuleType.js
packages/shared/event/ReactControlledComponent.js
packages/shared/event/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
packages/shared/event/ReactGenericBatching.js
packages/shared/event/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
packages/shared/event/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
packages/shared/event/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
packages/shared/event/accumulate.js
packages/shared/event/accumulateInto.js
packages/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
packages/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/shared/event/eventPlugins/TouchHistoryMath.js
packages/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
packages/shared/event/forEachAccumulated.js
packages/shared/event/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
packages/shared/getComponentName.js
packages/shared/isTextInputElement.js
packages/shared/lowPriorityWarning.js
packages/shared/reactProdInvariant.js
packages/shared/validateCallback.js
scripts/prettier/index.js
scripts/release/build-commands/update-package-versions.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/tasks/version-check.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react/src/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
packages/react/src/class/ReactBaseClasses.js
packages/react/src/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
packages/react/src/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
packages/react/src/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/class/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
packages/react/src/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/react/src/class/__tests__/testDefinitions/PropTypes.d.ts
packages/react/src/class/__tests__/testDefinitions/React.d.ts
packages/react/src/class/__tests__/testDefinitions/ReactDOM.d.ts
packages/react/src/element/ReactCurrentOwner.js
packages/react/src/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
packages/react/src/element/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/element/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
packages/react/src/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
packages/react/src/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
packages/react/src/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:David Gilbertson 
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-art/index.js
packages/react-art/src/ReactART.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/index.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCS.js
packages/react-dom/index.fb.js
packages/react-dom/index.js
packages/react-dom/server.browser.js
packages/react-dom/server.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMAttribute-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMSelection-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOM.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMClientInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/ReactInputSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/DOMEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/getEventCharCode.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/getEventKey.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/getEventModifierState.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/getEventTarget.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/getTextContentAccessor.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/inputValueTracking.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/isEventSupported.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/setInnerHTML.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/setTextContent.js
packages/react-dom/src/client/utils/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMServerNode.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/AutoFocusUtils.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/checkReact.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/createMicrosoftUnsafeLocalFunction.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/dangerousStyleValue.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/warnValidStyle.js
packages/react-dom/src/test-utils/ReactTestUtils.js
packages/react-dom/src/unstable-native-dependencies/ReactDOMUnstableNativeDependencies.js
packages/react-dom/test-utils.js
packages/react-dom/unstable-native-dependencies.js
packages/react-native-renderer/index.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeRenderer.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/index.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoop.js
packages/react-reconciler/index.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/index.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRT.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/index.js
packages/react-test-renderer/shallow.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRenderer.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRenderer.js
packages/react/index.js
packages/react/src/React.js
packages/shared/src/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/header.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/assertValidProps.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/src/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/warnValidStyle.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/shared/src/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
packages/shared/src/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/shared/src/ReactInstanceMap.js
packages/shared/src/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js
packages/shared/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFeatureFlags.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFiberEntry.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeCS-test.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoopEntry.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactPersistent-test.js
packages/shared/src/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js
scripts/error-codes/codes.json
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
flow-typed/hex2rgba.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.eslintignore
.gitignore
fixtures/art/README.md
fixtures/art/package.json
fixtures/art/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/browserify/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/browserify/dev/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/browserify/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/browserify/prod/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/build-all.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/rjs/dev/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/rjs/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/rjs/prod/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/dev/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/prod/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/dev/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/prod/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/webpack/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/webpack/dev/yarn.lock
fixtures/packaging/webpack/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/webpack/prod/yarn.lock
fixtures/reconciler/README.md
fixtures/reconciler/package.json
fixtures/reconciler/yarn.lock
fixtures/ssr/README.md
fixtures/ssr/package.json
fixtures/ssr/yarn.lock
package.json
packages/react-art/index.js
packages/react-art/npm/index.js
packages/react-art/npm/lib/Circle.art.js
packages/react-art/npm/lib/Rectangle.art.js
packages/react-art/npm/lib/Wedge.art.js
packages/react-art/src/ReactARTFiberEntry.js
packages/react-art/src/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/index.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/package.json
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSFiberEntry.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/ReactNativeCSTypes.js
packages/react-cs-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeCS-test.js
packages/react-dom/index.fb.js
packages/react-dom/index.js
packages/react-dom/npm/index.js
packages/react-dom/npm/server.browser.js
packages/react-dom/npm/server.js
packages/react-dom/npm/test-utils.js
packages/react-dom/npm/unstable-native-dependencies.js
packages/react-dom/server.browser.js
packages/react-dom/server.js
packages/react-dom/src/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
packages/react-dom/src/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/ReactDOMServerBrowserEntry.js
packages/react-dom/src/ReactDOMServerNodeEntry.js
packages/react-dom/src/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/ReactDOMUnstableNativeDependenciesEntry.js
packages/react-dom/src/ReactTestUtilsEntry.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/multiple-copies-of-react-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/__tests__/refs-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMMarkupOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMNamespaces.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMProperty.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/HTMLNodeType.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMClientInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMEventListener.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactDOMSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/ReactInputSelection.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMAttribute-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSelection-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/checkReact.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/createMicrosoftUnsafeLocalFunction.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/DOMEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/hooks/possibleStandardNames.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/hooks/validAriaProperties.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/inputValueTracking.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/setInnerHTML.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/setTextContent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/AutoFocusUtils.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/assertValidProps.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/getEventCharCode.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/getEventKey.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/getEventModifierState.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/getEventTarget.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/getTextContentAccessor.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/isCustomComponent.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/isEventSupported.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/omittedCloseTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/utils/voidElementTags.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/warnValidStyle.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
packages/react-dom/src/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
packages/react-dom/src/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
packages/react-dom/src/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
packages/react-dom/src/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
packages/react-dom/test-utils.js
packages/react-dom/unstable-native-dependencies.js
packages/react-native-renderer/index.js
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/NativeMethodsMixinUtils.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeEventPluginOrder.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberErrorDialog.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeInjection.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeTypes.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/BatchedBridge.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/ExceptionsManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/InitializeCore.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/Platform.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/RCTEventEmitter.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/RTManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/TextInputState.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/View.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/deepDiffer.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/deepFreezeAndThrowOnMutationInDev.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__mocks__/flattenStyle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js.snap
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactNativeMount-test.js.snap
packages/react-native-renderer/src/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNodeHandle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/findNumericNodeHandle.js
packages/react-native-renderer/src/takeSnapshot.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/index.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/npm/index.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/src/ReactNoopEntry.js
packages/react-reconciler/index.js
packages/react-reconciler/npm/index.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactChildFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiber.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHostContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberInstrumentation.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberReconciler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberRoot.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberScheduler.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberStack.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactTypeOfInternalContext.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactExpiration-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap
packages/react-reconciler/src/isomorphic/ReactCoroutine.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/isomorphic/ReactPortal.js
packages/react-reconciler/src/isomorphic/ReactTypes.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/index.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/package.json
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTComponentTree.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTEventEmitter.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberEntry.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberInspector.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTTagHandles.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/ReactNativeRTTypes.js
packages/react-rt-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactNativeRT-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/index.js
packages/react-test-renderer/npm/index.js
packages/react-test-renderer/npm/shallow.js
packages/react-test-renderer/shallow.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactShallowRendererEntry.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/src/__tests__/ReactTestRendererTraversal-test.js
packages/react/index.js
packages/react/npm/index.js
packages/react/src/ReactEntry.js
packages/react/src/children/ReactChildren.js
packages/react/src/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
packages/react/src/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
packages/react/src/children/onlyChild.js
packages/react/src/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/classic/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
packages/react/src/classic/element/ReactCurrentOwner.js
packages/react/src/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
packages/react/src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
packages/react/src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
packages/react/src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
packages/react/src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
packages/react/src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
packages/react/src/modern/class/PropTypes.d.ts
packages/react/src/modern/class/React.d.ts
packages/react/src/modern/class/ReactBaseClasses.js
packages/react/src/modern/class/ReactDOM.d.ts
packages/react/src/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
packages/react/src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
packages/react/src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
packages/react/src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
packages/react/src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
packages/react/src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
packages/react/src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
packages/react/src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
packages/shared/src/ReactElementType.js
packages/shared/src/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
packages/shared/src/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
packages/shared/src/ReactInstanceMap.js
packages/shared/src/ReactTreeTraversal.js
packages/shared/src/ReactTypeOfWork.js
packages/shared/src/ReactVersion.js
packages/shared/src/describeComponentFrame.js
packages/shared/src/event/BrowserEventConstants.js
packages/shared/src/event/EventPluginHub.js
packages/shared/src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
packages/shared/src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
packages/shared/src/event/EventPropagators.js
packages/shared/src/event/PluginModuleType.js
packages/shared/src/event/ReactControlledComponent.js
packages/shared/src/event/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
packages/shared/src/event/ReactGenericBatching.js
packages/shared/src/event/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
packages/shared/src/event/SyntheticEvent.js
packages/shared/src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
packages/shared/src/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
packages/shared/src/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
packages/shared/src/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
packages/shared/src/event/eventPlugins/TouchHistoryMath.js
packages/shared/src/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
packages/shared/src/event/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
packages/shared/src/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
packages/shared/src/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js
packages/shared/src/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js
packages/shared/src/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
packages/shared/src/utils/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.js
packages/shared/src/utils/accumulate.js
packages/shared/src/utils/accumulateInto.js
packages/shared/src/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
packages/shared/src/utils/getComponentName.js
packages/shared/src/utils/isTextInputElement.js
packages/shared/src/utils/lowPriorityWarning.js
packages/shared/src/utils/reactProdInvariant.js
packages/shared/src/utils/validateCallback.js
scripts/circleci/build.sh
scripts/circleci/track_stats.sh
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/prettier/index.js
scripts/release/build-commands/update-package-versions.js
scripts/release/config.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/tasks/version-check.js
src/node_modules/README.md
src/node_modules/react-art/index.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/index.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/server.browser.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/server.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/test-utils.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/unstable-native-dependencies.js
src/node_modules/react-native/index.js
src/node_modules/react-noop-renderer/index.js
src/node_modules/react-test-renderer/index.js
src/node_modules/react-test-renderer/shallow.js
src/node_modules/react/index.js
src/package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:243083df 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Michał Matyas 
src/renderers/testing/ReactShallowRendererEntry.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Ethan Arrowood 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/assertValidProps.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/packaging.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.netlify

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap

Author:Dustan Kasten 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactPortal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-art/README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
.flowconfig
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
scripts/flow/environment.js
scripts/flow/react-native-host-hooks.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/adler32-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/adler32.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
mocks/ReactElementTestChild.js
mocks/ReactMockedComponentTestComponent.js
package.json
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
scripts/eslint-rules/README.md
scripts/eslint-rules/__tests__/no-primitive-constructors-test.js
scripts/eslint-rules/__tests__/warning-and-invariant-args-test.js
scripts/eslint-rules/index.js
scripts/eslint-rules/no-primitive-constructors.js
scripts/eslint-rules/package.json
scripts/eslint-rules/warning-and-invariant-args.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release/README.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release-manager/.eslintrc.js
scripts/release-manager/.gitignore
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md
scripts/release-manager/cli.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/docs-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/init.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-check-access.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-grant-access.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-publish.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/q.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/stable-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/start-release.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/utils/git.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/utils/npm.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/version.js
scripts/release-manager/package.json
scripts/release/README.md
scripts/release/build-commands/build-artifacts.js
scripts/release/build-commands/check-circle-ci-status.js
scripts/release/build-commands/check-environment-variables.js
scripts/release/build-commands/check-npm-permissions.js
scripts/release/build-commands/check-package-dependencies.js
scripts/release/build-commands/check-uncommitted-changes.js
scripts/release/build-commands/install-yarn-dependencies.js
scripts/release/build-commands/parse-build-parameters.js
scripts/release/build-commands/print-post-build-summary.js
scripts/release/build-commands/run-automated-tests.js
scripts/release/build-commands/update-git.js
scripts/release/build-commands/update-package-versions.js
scripts/release/build-commands/update-yarn-dependencies.js
scripts/release/build-commands/validate-version.js
scripts/release/build.js
scripts/release/config.js
scripts/release/package.json
scripts/release/publish-commands/check-build-status.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/commit-changelog.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/parse-publish-params.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/print-post-publish-summary.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/publish-to-npm.js
scripts/release/publish-commands/push-git-remote.js
scripts/release/publish.js
scripts/release/utils.js
scripts/release/yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Clark Du 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Fatos Morina 
eslint-rules/README.md
fixtures/attribute-behavior/README.md
fixtures/packaging/README.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMRoot-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/native-cs/ReactNativeCSFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
package.json
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
yarn.lock

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
fixtures/reconciler/index.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native-cs/ReactNativeCSFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native-cs/ReactNativeCSTypes.js
src/renderers/native-cs/__tests__/ReactNativeCS-test.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Haroen Viaene 
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/react-loader.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactPriorityLevel.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactExpiration-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js

Author:Dustan Kasten 
fixtures/reconciler/README.md
fixtures/reconciler/index.js
fixtures/reconciler/package.json
packages/react-reconciler/README.md
packages/react-reconciler/index.js
packages/react-reconciler/package.json
scripts/circleci/build.sh
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/ssr/src/components/Page.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/dom/src/react-loader.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/sync.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/ssr/src/components/Chrome.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/textareas/index.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dustan Kasten 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Shirshak Bajgain 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Filipp Riabchun 
src/renderers/testing/ReactShallowRendererEntry.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ori Riner 
src/renderers/dom/shared/setInnerHTML.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
fixtures/fiber-triangle/index.html
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberExpirationTime.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactExpiration-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js

Author:Georgios Giannoutsos Barkas 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js

Author:Dustan Kasten 
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
fixtures/ssr/src/components/Page.js
fixtures/ssr/src/index.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/possibleStandardNames.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
src/__mocks__/BatchedBridge.js
src/__mocks__/RTManager.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/native-rt/__tests__/ReactNativeRT-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Anushree Subramani 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:andreysaleba 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
.eslintignore
.flowconfig
.gitignore
LICENSE-docs
circle.yml
docs/404.md
docs/Gemfile
docs/Gemfile.lock
docs/README.md
docs/Rakefile
docs/_config.yml
docs/_css/_solarized.scss
docs/_css/_typography.scss
docs/_css/_variables.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/_bourbon-deprecated-upcoming.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/_bourbon.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_button.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_clearfix.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_directional-values.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_ellipsis.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_font-family.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_hide-text.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_html5-input-types.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_position.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_prefixer.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_retina-image.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_size.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_timing-functions.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_triangle.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_word-wrap.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_animation.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_appearance.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_backface-visibility.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_background-image.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_background.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_border-image.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_border-radius.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_box-sizing.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_calc.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_columns.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_filter.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_flex-box.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_font-face.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_font-feature-settings.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_hidpi-media-query.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_hyphens.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_image-rendering.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_keyframes.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_linear-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_perspective.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_placeholder.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_radial-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_transform.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_transition.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_user-select.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_assign.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_color-lightness.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_flex-grid.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_golden-ratio.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_grid-width.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_modular-scale.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_px-to-em.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_px-to-rem.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_strip-units.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_tint-shade.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_transition-property-name.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_unpack.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_convert-units.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_gradient-positions-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_is-num.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_linear-angle-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_linear-gradient-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_linear-positions-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_linear-side-corner-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_radial-arg-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_radial-gradient-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_radial-positions-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_render-gradients.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_shape-size-stripper.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_str-to-num.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/settings/_asset-pipeline.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/settings/_prefixer.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/settings/_px-to-em.scss
docs/_data/acknowledgements.yml
docs/_data/authors.yml
docs/_data/nav_community.yml
docs/_data/nav_contributing.yml
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/_data/nav_tutorial.yml
docs/_includes/blog_post.html
docs/_includes/footer.html
docs/_includes/hero.html
docs/_includes/nav_blog.html
docs/_includes/nav_community.html
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/_includes/nav_tutorial.html
docs/_includes/navigation.html
docs/_js/ErrorDecoderComponent.js
docs/_js/anchor-links.js
docs/_js/examples/.eslintrc
docs/_js/examples/hello.js
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/_js/examples/timer.js
docs/_js/examples/todo.js
docs/_js/html-jsx-lib.js
docs/_js/jsfiddle-integration.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/_layouts/community.html
docs/_layouts/contributing.html
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/_layouts/docs.html
docs/_layouts/hero.html
docs/_layouts/page.html
docs/_layouts/post.html
docs/_layouts/redirect.html
docs/_layouts/single.html
docs/_layouts/tutorial.html
docs/_plugins/authors.rb
docs/_plugins/highlight_lines.rb
docs/_plugins/sidebar_item.rb
docs/_posts/2013-06-02-jsfiddle-integration.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-12-community-roundup.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-19-community-roundup-2.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-21-react-v0-3-3.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-27-community-roundup-3.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-02-react-v0-4-autobind-by-default.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-11-react-v0-4-prop-validation-and-default-values.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-17-react-v0-4-0.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-26-react-v0-4-1.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-30-use-react-and-jsx-in-ruby-on-rails.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-05-community-roundup-6.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-19-use-react-and-jsx-in-python-applications.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-26-community-roundup-7.md
docs/_posts/2013-09-24-community-roundup-8.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-16-react-v0.5.0.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-29-react-v0-5-1.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-3-community-roundup-9.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-06-community-roundup-10.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-18-community-roundup-11.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-18-react-v0.5.2-v0.4.2.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-19-react-v0.8.0.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-23-community-roundup-12.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-30-community-roundup-13.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-02-react-chrome-developer-tools.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-05-community-roundup-15.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-15-community-roundup-16.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-16-react-v0.9-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-20-react-v0.9.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-24-community-roundup-17.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-14-community-roundup-18.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-19-react-v0.10-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-21-react-v0.10.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-28-the-road-to-1.0.md
docs/_posts/2014-04-04-reactnet.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-29-one-year-of-open-source-react.md
docs/_posts/2014-06-27-community-roundup-19.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-13-react-v0.11-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-17-react-v0.11.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-25-react-v0.11.1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-30-flux-actions-and-the-dispatcher.md
docs/_posts/2014-08-03-community-roundup-21.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-03-introducing-the-jsx-specification.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-12-community-round-up-22.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-16-react-v0.11.2.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-24-testing-flux-applications.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-14-introducing-react-elements.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-16-react-v0.12-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-17-community-roundup-23.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-27-react-js-conf.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-28-react-v0.12.md
docs/_posts/2014-11-24-react-js-conf-updates.md
docs/_posts/2014-11-25-community-roundup-24.md
docs/_posts/2014-12-18-react-v0.12.2.md
docs/_posts/2014-12-19-react-js-conf-diversity-scholarship.md
docs/_posts/2015-01-27-react-v0.13.0-beta-1.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-20-introducing-relay-and-graphql.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-react-v0.13-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-streamlining-react-elements.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-03-react-v0.13-rc2.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-04-community-roundup-25.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-10-react-v0.13.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-16-react-v0.13.1.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-19-building-the-facebook-news-feed-with-relay.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-26-introducing-react-native.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-30-community-roundup-26.md
docs/_posts/2015-04-17-react-native-v0.4.md
docs/_posts/2015-04-18-react-v0.13.2.md
docs/_posts/2015-05-01-graphql-introduction.md
docs/_posts/2015-05-08-react-v0.13.3.md
docs/_posts/2015-05-22-react-native-release-process.md
docs/_posts/2015-06-12-deprecating-jstransform-and-react-tools.md
docs/_posts/2015-07-03-react-v0.14-beta-1.md
docs/_posts/2015-08-03-new-react-devtools-beta.md
docs/_posts/2015-08-11-relay-technical-preview.md
docs/_posts/2015-08-13-reacteurope-roundup.md
docs/_posts/2015-09-02-new-react-developer-tools.md
docs/_posts/2015-09-10-react-v0.14-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2015-09-14-community-roundup-27.md
docs/_posts/2015-10-01-react-render-and-top-level-api.md
docs/_posts/2015-10-07-react-v0.14.md
docs/_posts/2015-10-19-reactiflux-is-moving-to-discord.md
docs/_posts/2015-10-28-react-v0.14.1.md
docs/_posts/2015-11-02-react-v0.14.2.md
docs/_posts/2015-11-18-react-v0.14.3.md
docs/_posts/2015-12-04-react-js-conf-2016-diversity-scholarship.md
docs/_posts/2015-12-16-ismounted-antipattern.md
docs/_posts/2015-12-18-react-components-elements-and-instances.md
docs/_posts/2015-12-29-react-v0.14.4.md
docs/_posts/2016-01-08-A-implies-B-does-not-imply-B-implies-A.md
docs/_posts/2016-01-12-discontinuing-ie8-support.md
docs/_posts/2016-02-19-new-versioning-scheme.md
docs/_posts/2016-03-07-react-v15-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2016-03-16-react-v15-rc2.md
docs/_posts/2016-03-29-react-v0.14.8.md
docs/_posts/2016-04-07-react-v15.md
docs/_posts/2016-04-08-react-v15.0.1.md
docs/_posts/2016-07-11-introducing-reacts-error-code-system.md
docs/_posts/2016-07-13-mixins-considered-harmful.md
docs/_posts/2016-07-22-create-apps-with-no-configuration.md
docs/_posts/2016-08-05-relay-state-of-the-state.md
docs/_posts/2016-09-28-our-first-50000-stars.md
docs/_posts/2016-11-16-react-v15.4.0.md
docs/_posts/2017-04-07-react-v15.5.0.md
docs/_posts/2017-05-18-whats-new-in-create-react-app.md
docs/_posts/2017-06-13-react-v15.6.0.md
docs/_posts/2017-07-26-error-handling-in-react-16.md
docs/_posts/2017-09-08-dom-attributes-in-react-16.md
docs/_posts/2017-09-25-react-v15.6.2.md
docs/_posts/2017-09-26-react-v16.0.md
docs/acknowledgements.md
docs/blog/all.html
docs/blog/index.html
docs/circle.yml
docs/community/complementary-tools.it-IT.md
docs/community/complementary-tools.ko-KR.md
docs/community/complementary-tools.md
docs/community/complementary-tools.zh-CN.md
docs/community/conferences.it-IT.md
docs/community/conferences.ko-KR.md
docs/community/conferences.md
docs/community/conferences.zh-CN.md
docs/community/examples.it-IT.md
docs/community/examples.ko-KR.md
docs/community/examples.md
docs/community/examples.zh-CN.md
docs/community/support.md
docs/community/videos.it-IT.md
docs/community/videos.ko-KR.md
docs/community/videos.md
docs/community/videos.zh-CN.md
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md
docs/contributing/design-principles.md
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md
docs/contributing/implementation-notes.md
docs/crowdin.yaml
docs/css/codemirror.css
docs/css/main.css
docs/css/react.scss
docs/css/syntax.css
docs/docs/accessibility.md
docs/docs/addons-animation.md
docs/docs/addons-create-fragment.md
docs/docs/addons-perf.md
docs/docs/addons-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/addons-shallow-compare.md
docs/docs/addons-shallow-renderer.md
docs/docs/addons-test-utils.md
docs/docs/addons-two-way-binding-helpers.md
docs/docs/addons-update.md
docs/docs/addons.md
docs/docs/components-and-props.md
docs/docs/composition-vs-inheritance.md
docs/docs/conditional-rendering.md
docs/docs/context.md
docs/docs/cross-origin-errors.md
docs/docs/error-decoder.md
docs/docs/forms.md
docs/docs/handling-events.md
docs/docs/hello-world.md
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/docs/integrating-with-other-libraries.md
docs/docs/introducing-jsx.md
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md
docs/docs/lists-and-keys.md
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md
docs/docs/portals.md
docs/docs/react-without-es6.md
docs/docs/react-without-jsx.md
docs/docs/reconciliation.md
docs/docs/reference-dom-elements.md
docs/docs/reference-events.md
docs/docs/reference-javascript-environment-requirements.md
docs/docs/reference-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom-server.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom.md
docs/docs/reference-react.md
docs/docs/reference-test-renderer.md
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md
docs/docs/rendering-elements.md
docs/docs/state-and-lifecycle.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.md
docs/docs/uncontrolled-components.md
docs/docs/web-components.md
docs/downloads/react-0.10.0-rc1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.10.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.11.0-rc1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.11.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.11.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.11.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.12.0-rc1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.12.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.12.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.12.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.13.0-rc1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.13.0-rc2.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.13.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.13.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.13.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.13.3.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.14.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.14.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.14.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.14.3.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.14.4.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.14.5.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.14.6.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.14.7.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.14.8.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.3.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.3.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.3.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.3.3.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.4.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.4.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.4.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.5.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.5.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.5.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.8.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.9.0-rc1.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.0.0-rc.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.0.0-rc.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.0.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.0.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.0.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.1.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.2.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.2.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.3.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.3.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.3.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.4.0-rc.3.zip
docs/downloads/react-15.4.0.zip
docs/downloads/single-file-example.html
docs/favicon.ico
docs/feed.xml
docs/html-jsx.html
docs/img/blog/animal-sounds.jpg
docs/img/blog/chatapp.png
docs/img/blog/cra-better-output.png
docs/img/blog/cra-dynamic-import.gif
docs/img/blog/cra-jest-search.gif
docs/img/blog/cra-pwa.png
docs/img/blog/cra-runtime-error.gif
docs/img/blog/cra-update-exports.gif
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/compiled-successfully.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/compiled-with-warnings.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/created-folder.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/failed-to-compile.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/npm-run-build.png
docs/img/blog/devtools-full.gif
docs/img/blog/devtools-search.gif
docs/img/blog/devtools-side-pane.gif
docs/img/blog/devtools-tree-view.png
docs/img/blog/dog-tutorial.png
docs/img/blog/error-boundaries-stack-trace-line-numbers.png
docs/img/blog/error-boundaries-stack-trace.png
docs/img/blog/first-look.png
docs/img/blog/flux-chart.png
docs/img/blog/flux-diagram.png
docs/img/blog/genesis_skeleton.png
docs/img/blog/gpu-cursor-move.gif
docs/img/blog/guess_filter.jpg
docs/img/blog/hacker-news-react-native.png
docs/img/blog/jsx-compiler.png
docs/img/blog/kendoui.png
docs/img/blog/khan-academy-editor.png
docs/img/blog/landoflisp.png
docs/img/blog/lights-out.png
docs/img/blog/makona-editor.png
docs/img/blog/markdown_refactor.png
docs/img/blog/modus-create.gif
docs/img/blog/monkeys.gif
docs/img/blog/ngreact.png
docs/img/blog/om-backbone.png
docs/img/blog/parse-react.jpg
docs/img/blog/polarr.jpg
docs/img/blog/propeller-logo.png
docs/img/blog/property-finder.png
docs/img/blog/quiztime.png
docs/img/blog/react-50k-mock-full.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-50k-mock.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-50k-tshirt.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-browserify-gulp.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-dev-tools.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-diff-tree.png
docs/img/blog/react-draggable.png
docs/img/blog/react-hackathon.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-page.png
docs/img/blog/react-perf-chrome-timeline.png
docs/img/blog/react-php.png
docs/img/blog/react-svg-fbp.png
docs/img/blog/reactive-bookmarklet.png
docs/img/blog/reflux-flux.png
docs/img/blog/relay-components/relay-architecture.png
docs/img/blog/relay-components/relay-containers-data-flow.png
docs/img/blog/relay-components/relay-containers.png
docs/img/blog/relay-components/sample-newsfeed.png
docs/img/blog/relay-visual-architecture-tour.png
docs/img/blog/resistance-calculator.png
docs/img/blog/skills-matter.png
docs/img/blog/snake.png
docs/img/blog/steve_reverse.gif
docs/img/blog/sweet-jsx.png
docs/img/blog/tcomb-react-native.png
docs/img/blog/thinking-in-react-components.png
docs/img/blog/thinking-in-react-mock.png
docs/img/blog/todomvc.png
docs/img/blog/turboreact.png
docs/img/blog/tutsplus.png
docs/img/blog/unite.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-1.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-2.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-3.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-4.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-5.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-6.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-poll.png
docs/img/blog/weather.png
docs/img/blog/wolfenstein_react.png
docs/img/blog/xoxo2013.png
docs/img/blog/xreact.png
docs/img/docs/cdn-cors-header.png
docs/img/docs/codewinds-004.png
docs/img/docs/devtools-dev.png
docs/img/docs/devtools-prod.png
docs/img/docs/granular-dom-updates.gif
docs/img/docs/implementation-notes-tree.png
docs/img/docs/javascript-jabber.png
docs/img/docs/keyboard-focus.png
docs/img/docs/perf-dom.png
docs/img/docs/perf-exclusive.png
docs/img/docs/perf-inclusive.png
docs/img/docs/perf-wasted.png
docs/img/docs/react-devtools-state.gif
docs/img/docs/should-component-update.png
docs/img/docs/thinking-in-react-tagtree.png
docs/img/external.png
docs/img/external_2x.png
docs/img/logo.svg
docs/img/logo_og.png
docs/img/logo_small.png
docs/img/logo_small_2x.png
docs/img/logo_small_gray.png
docs/img/logo_small_gray_2x.png
docs/img/noise.png
docs/img/oss_logo.png
docs/img/search.png
docs/img/tutorial/devtools.png
docs/img/tutorial/tictac-empty.png
docs/img/tutorial/tictac-numbers.png
docs/index.md
docs/js/jsfiddle-integration-babel.js
docs/jsx-compiler.md
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md
docs/warnings/dont-call-proptypes.md
docs/warnings/invalid-aria-prop.md
docs/warnings/legacy-factories.md
docs/warnings/refs-must-have-owner.md
docs/warnings/special-props.md
docs/warnings/unknown-prop.md
package.json
scripts/circleci/build_gh_pages.sh
scripts/circleci/check_license.sh
www/.babelrc
www/.gitignore
www/.travis.yml
www/README.md
www/gatsby-config.js
www/gatsby-node.js
www/package.json
www/plugins/gatsby-remark-use-jsx/index.js
www/plugins/gatsby-remark-use-jsx/package.json
www/plugins/gatsby-transformer-authors-yaml/gatsby-node.js
www/plugins/gatsby-transformer-authors-yaml/package.json
www/src/components/CodeEditor/CodeEditor.js
www/src/components/CodeEditor/index.js
www/src/components/Container/Container.js
www/src/components/Container/index.js
www/src/components/ErrorDecoder/ErrorDecoder.js
www/src/components/ErrorDecoder/index.js
www/src/components/Flex/Flex.js
www/src/components/Flex/index.js
www/src/components/Header/Header.js
www/src/components/Header/index.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/ExternalFooterLink.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/Footer.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/FooterLink.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/FooterNav.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/index.js
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/Header.js
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/HeaderLink.js
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/SearchSvg.js
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/index.js
www/src/components/MarkdownHeader/MarkdownHeader.js
www/src/components/MarkdownHeader/index.js
www/src/components/MarkdownPage/MarkdownPage.js
www/src/components/MarkdownPage/index.js
www/src/components/StickyResponsiveSidebar/StickyResponsiveSidebar.js
www/src/components/StickyResponsiveSidebar/index.js
www/src/components/TitleAndMetaTags/TitleAndMetaTags.js
www/src/components/TitleAndMetaTags/index.js
www/src/css/algolia.css
www/src/css/reset.css
www/src/html.js
www/src/icons/logo.svg
www/src/images/oss_logo.png
www/src/layouts/index.js
www/src/pages/404.js
www/src/pages/acknowledgements.html.js
www/src/pages/blog/all.html.js
www/src/pages/docs/error-decoder.html.js
www/src/pages/favicon.ico
www/src/pages/robots.txt
www/src/prism-styles.js
www/src/site-constants.js
www/src/templates/blog.js
www/src/templates/community.js
www/src/templates/components/ButtonLink/ButtonLink.js
www/src/templates/components/ButtonLink/index.js
www/src/templates/components/ChevronSvg/index.js
www/src/templates/components/ExternalLinkSvg/index.js
www/src/templates/components/MetaTitle/index.js
www/src/templates/components/NavigationFooter/NavigationFooter.js
www/src/templates/components/NavigationFooter/index.js
www/src/templates/components/Sidebar/Section.js
www/src/templates/components/Sidebar/Sidebar.js
www/src/templates/components/Sidebar/index.js
www/src/templates/docs.js
www/src/templates/home.js
www/src/templates/tutorial.js
www/src/theme.js
www/src/utils/createLink.js
www/src/utils/createOgUrl.js
www/src/utils/findSectionForPath.js
www/src/utils/isItemActive.js
www/src/utils/mountCodeExample.js
www/src/utils/sectionList.js
www/src/utils/slugify.js
www/src/utils/toCommaSeparatedList.js
www/static/external.png
www/static/favicon.ico
www/static/js/jsfiddle-integration-babel.js
www/static/js/jsfiddle-integration.js
www/static/large-logo.svg
www/static/logo-og.png
www/static/search.svg
www/yarn.lock

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RangeKeyboardFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/style.css

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RangeKeyboardFixture.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/test-utils.js
packages/react-test-renderer/index.js
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/shallow.js
packages/react-test-renderer/stack.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Shi Yan 
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Sophie Alpert 
scripts/circleci/check_license.sh
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSelection-test.js
www/src/utils/createLink.js
www/src/utils/sectionList.js

Author:Yangshun Tay 
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-05-community-roundup-6.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-23-community-roundup-12.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-15-community-roundup-16.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-24-community-roundup-17.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-14-community-roundup-18.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-17-community-roundup-23.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-16-react-v0.13.1.md
docs/_posts/2015-09-14-community-roundup-27.md
docs/_posts/2015-12-16-ismounted-antipattern.md
docs/_posts/2016-09-28-our-first-50000-stars.md
www/src/theme.js

Author:Gustavo Gard 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
docs/docs/web-components.md

Author:Sophie Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSelection-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/__mocks__/RTManager.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTFiberInspector.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTTagHandles.js
src/renderers/native-rt/ReactNativeRTTypes.js
src/renderers/native-rt/__tests__/ReactNativeRT-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
www/src/components/CodeEditor/CodeEditor.js

Author:Fernando Poumian 
www/gatsby-config.js
www/package.json
www/yarn.lock

Author:Haroen Viaene 
www/src/css/algolia.css

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/custom-elements/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Yangshun Tay 
docs/_posts/2017-09-08-dom-attributes-in-react-16.md
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md
docs/contributing/design-principles.md
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:pyitphyoaung 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Bernard Lin 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:matej 
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
src/renderers/native/PooledClass.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/custom-elements/index.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
docs/community/conferences.md
docs/community/videos.md

Author:Ricky Reusser 
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
docs/docs/installation.md
www/gatsby-node.js
www/src/templates/installation.js

Author:Orjiewuru Kingdom Isaac 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Vicky Chijwani 
docs/docs/reference-events.md

Author:Brandon Dail 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/custom-elements/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
src/__mocks__/vendor/third_party/WebComponents.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
www/gatsby-node.js
www/src/layouts/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_js/jsfiddle-integration.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/attributes.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
www/static/js/jsfiddle-integration-babel.js

Author:Yangshun Tay 
docs/_data/nav_community.yml
docs/index.md
www/src/components/ErrorDecoder/ErrorDecoder.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/ExternalFooterLink.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/Footer.js
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/Header.js
www/src/utils/createLink.js
www/src/utils/sectionList.js

Author:Cole Turner 
docs/docs/state-and-lifecycle.md

Author:Romello Goodman 
www/src/css/reset.css

Author:Nic Bonetto 
www/src/utils/findSectionForPath.js
www/src/utils/isItemActive.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/prettier/index.js
www/static/js/jsfiddle-integration-babel.js
www/static/js/jsfiddle-integration.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/fb/ReactDOMFiberFBEntry.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/community/support.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/DOMProperty.js

Author:John Darryl Pelingo 
docs/docs/accessibility.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentFlags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/warnValidStyle.js
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtilsEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactInvalidSetStateWarningHook.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/PluginModuleType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactControlledComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactGenericBatching.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/getContextForSubtree.js
src/shared/ReactInstanceType.js
src/shared/utils/getComponentName.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/community/support.md

Author:Goffert van Gool 
docs/docs/web-components.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactEntry.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactInstrumentation.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/test/ReactComponentTreeTestUtils.js

Author:Josh Hawkins 
docs/docs/forms.md

Author:Fernando Poumian 
www/src/layouts/index.js

Author:Greg Myers 
docs/docs/reference-react.md

Author:Jason O'Neil 
docs/docs/reference-react-dom.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Neo 
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/Header.js
www/src/css/algolia.css

Author:Pooya Parsa 
docs/_js/examples/todo.js

Author:Dave Garwacke 
CHANGELOG.md
docs/_posts/2016-03-07-react-v15-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2016-04-07-react-v15.md
docs/docs/context.md
docs/docs/reconciliation.md

Author:Joe Critchley 
www/src/prism-styles.js

Author:Joe Critchley 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Joe Critchley 
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/ExternalFooterLink.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/FooterLink.js
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/Header.js
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/HeaderLink.js
www/src/css/algolia.css
www/src/css/reset.css
www/src/html.js
www/src/templates/components/ButtonLink/ButtonLink.js
www/src/templates/home.js
www/src/theme.js

Author:Eugene Zhlobo 
docs/docs/reference-react.md

Author:skratchdot 
CHANGELOG.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md
docs/README.md
docs/_config.yml
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/_posts/2015-07-03-react-v0.14-beta-1.md
docs/_posts/2016-07-11-introducing-reacts-error-code-system.md
docs/_posts/2017-09-26-react-v16.0.md
docs/docs/cross-origin-errors.md
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md
docs/warnings/unknown-prop.md
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/README.md
packages/react/package.json
scripts/error-codes/README.md
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/onlyChild.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtilsEntry.js
www/package.json

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
www/src/components/MarkdownPage/MarkdownPage.js
www/src/site-constants.js
www/src/templates/blog.js
www/src/templates/community.js
www/src/templates/docs.js
www/src/templates/home.js
www/src/templates/installation.js
www/src/templates/tutorial.js
www/src/utils/createOgUrl.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/reference-react.md

Author:Joe Critchley 
www/src/components/TitleAndMetaTags/TitleAndMetaTags.js
www/static/logo-og.png

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:watadarkstar 
CHANGELOG.md
docs/_posts/2017-09-26-react-v16.0.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Joshua 
docs/docs/context.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Joe Critchley 
www/README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/introducing-jsx.md

Author:BJR Matos 
README.md

Author:Orjiewuru Kingdom Isaac 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
docs/docs/installation.md
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/Header.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
docs/_posts/2013-06-02-jsfiddle-integration.md
docs/_posts/2013-09-24-community-roundup-8.md
docs/_posts/2014-11-25-community-roundup-24.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md
docs/_posts/2016-07-22-create-apps-with-no-configuration.md
docs/_posts/2017-09-26-react-v16.0.md
docs/index.md
www/gatsby-config.js
www/package.json
www/yarn.lock

Author:Joe Critchley 
www/src/theme.js

Author:John Leidegren 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
.eslintignore
.flowconfig
.gitignore
.netlify
.nvmrc
docs/_data/acknowledgements.yml
docs/_data/nav_tutorial.yml
docs/_posts/2013-06-02-jsfiddle-integration.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-12-community-roundup.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-19-community-roundup-2.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-21-react-v0-3-3.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-27-community-roundup-3.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-02-react-v0-4-autobind-by-default.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-11-react-v0-4-prop-validation-and-default-values.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-17-react-v0-4-0.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-26-react-v0-4-1.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-30-use-react-and-jsx-in-ruby-on-rails.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-05-community-roundup-6.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-19-use-react-and-jsx-in-python-applications.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-26-community-roundup-7.md
docs/_posts/2013-09-24-community-roundup-8.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-16-react-v0.5.0.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-29-react-v0-5-1.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-3-community-roundup-9.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-06-community-roundup-10.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-18-community-roundup-11.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-18-react-v0.5.2-v0.4.2.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-19-react-v0.8.0.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-23-community-roundup-12.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-30-community-roundup-13.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-02-react-chrome-developer-tools.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-05-community-roundup-15.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-15-community-roundup-16.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-16-react-v0.9-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-20-react-v0.9.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-24-community-roundup-17.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-14-community-roundup-18.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-19-react-v0.10-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-21-react-v0.10.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-28-the-road-to-1.0.md
docs/_posts/2014-04-04-reactnet.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-29-one-year-of-open-source-react.md
docs/_posts/2014-06-27-community-roundup-19.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-13-react-v0.11-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-17-react-v0.11.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-25-react-v0.11.1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-30-flux-actions-and-the-dispatcher.md
docs/_posts/2014-08-03-community-roundup-21.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-03-introducing-the-jsx-specification.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-12-community-round-up-22.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-16-react-v0.11.2.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-24-testing-flux-applications.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-14-introducing-react-elements.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-16-react-v0.12-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-17-community-roundup-23.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-27-react-js-conf.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-28-react-v0.12.md
docs/_posts/2014-11-24-react-js-conf-updates.md
docs/_posts/2014-11-25-community-roundup-24.md
docs/_posts/2014-12-18-react-v0.12.2.md
docs/_posts/2014-12-19-react-js-conf-diversity-scholarship.md
docs/_posts/2015-01-27-react-v0.13.0-beta-1.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-20-introducing-relay-and-graphql.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-react-v0.13-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-streamlining-react-elements.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-03-react-v0.13-rc2.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-04-community-roundup-25.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-10-react-v0.13.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-16-react-v0.13.1.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-19-building-the-facebook-news-feed-with-relay.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-26-introducing-react-native.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-30-community-roundup-26.md
docs/_posts/2015-04-17-react-native-v0.4.md
docs/_posts/2015-04-18-react-v0.13.2.md
docs/_posts/2015-05-01-graphql-introduction.md
docs/_posts/2015-05-08-react-v0.13.3.md
docs/_posts/2015-05-22-react-native-release-process.md
docs/_posts/2015-06-12-deprecating-jstransform-and-react-tools.md
docs/_posts/2015-07-03-react-v0.14-beta-1.md
docs/_posts/2015-08-03-new-react-devtools-beta.md
docs/_posts/2015-08-11-relay-technical-preview.md
docs/_posts/2015-08-13-reacteurope-roundup.md
docs/_posts/2015-09-02-new-react-developer-tools.md
docs/_posts/2015-09-10-react-v0.14-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2015-09-14-community-roundup-27.md
docs/_posts/2015-10-07-react-v0.14.md
docs/_posts/2015-10-19-reactiflux-is-moving-to-discord.md
docs/_posts/2015-10-28-react-v0.14.1.md
docs/_posts/2015-11-02-react-v0.14.2.md
docs/_posts/2015-11-18-react-v0.14.3.md
docs/_posts/2015-12-04-react-js-conf-2016-diversity-scholarship.md
docs/_posts/2015-12-16-ismounted-antipattern.md
docs/_posts/2015-12-18-react-components-elements-and-instances.md
docs/_posts/2015-12-29-react-v0.14.4.md
docs/_posts/2016-01-08-A-implies-B-does-not-imply-B-implies-A.md
docs/_posts/2016-01-12-discontinuing-ie8-support.md
docs/_posts/2016-02-19-new-versioning-scheme.md
docs/_posts/2016-03-07-react-v15-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2016-03-16-react-v15-rc2.md
docs/_posts/2016-03-29-react-v0.14.8.md
docs/_posts/2016-04-07-react-v15.md
docs/_posts/2016-04-08-react-v15.0.1.md
docs/_posts/2016-07-11-introducing-reacts-error-code-system.md
docs/_posts/2016-07-13-mixins-considered-harmful.md
docs/_posts/2016-07-22-create-apps-with-no-configuration.md
docs/_posts/2016-08-05-relay-state-of-the-state.md
docs/_posts/2016-09-28-our-first-50000-stars.md
docs/_posts/2016-11-16-react-v15.4.0.md
docs/_posts/2017-04-07-react-v15.5.0.md
docs/_posts/2017-05-18-whats-new-in-create-react-app.md
docs/_posts/2017-06-13-react-v15.6.0.md
docs/_posts/2017-07-26-error-handling-in-react-16.md
docs/_posts/2017-09-08-dom-attributes-in-react-16.md
docs/_posts/2017-09-25-react-v15.6.2.md
docs/_posts/2017-09-26-react-v16.0.md
docs/acknowledgements.md
docs/community/conferences.it-IT.md
docs/community/conferences.ko-KR.md
docs/community/conferences.md
docs/community/conferences.zh-CN.md
docs/community/videos.it-IT.md
docs/community/videos.ko-KR.md
docs/community/videos.md
docs/community/videos.zh-CN.md
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md
docs/contributing/design-principles.md
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md
docs/contributing/implementation-notes.md
docs/docs/accessibility.md
docs/docs/addons-animation.md
docs/docs/addons-create-fragment.md
docs/docs/addons-perf.md
docs/docs/addons-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/addons-shallow-compare.md
docs/docs/addons-shallow-renderer.md
docs/docs/addons-test-utils.md
docs/docs/addons-two-way-binding-helpers.md
docs/docs/addons-update.md
docs/docs/addons.md
docs/docs/components-and-props.md
docs/docs/conditional-rendering.md
docs/docs/context.md
docs/docs/cross-origin-errors.md
docs/docs/forms.md
docs/docs/handling-events.md
docs/docs/hello-world.md
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/docs/integrating-with-other-libraries.md
docs/docs/introducing-jsx.md
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md
docs/docs/lists-and-keys.md
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md
docs/docs/portals.md
docs/docs/react-without-es6.md
docs/docs/reference-dom-elements.md
docs/docs/reference-events.md
docs/docs/reference-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom-server.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom.md
docs/docs/reference-react.md
docs/docs/reference-test-renderer.md
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md
docs/docs/rendering-elements.md
docs/docs/state-and-lifecycle.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.md
docs/docs/uncontrolled-components.md
docs/index.md
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md
docs/warnings/dont-call-proptypes.md
docs/warnings/legacy-factories.md
docs/warnings/unknown-prop.md
flow-typed/hex2rgba.js
package.json
scripts/prettier/index.js
src/shared/ReactInstanceType.js
www/.babelrc
www/.gitignore
www/.travis.yml
www/README.md
www/gatsby-config.js
www/gatsby-node.js
www/package.json
www/plugins/gatsby-remark-use-jsx/index.js
www/plugins/gatsby-remark-use-jsx/package.json
www/plugins/gatsby-transformer-authors-yaml/gatsby-node.js
www/plugins/gatsby-transformer-authors-yaml/package.json
www/src/components/CodeEditor/CodeEditor.js
www/src/components/CodeEditor/index.js
www/src/components/Container/Container.js
www/src/components/Container/index.js
www/src/components/ErrorDecoder/ErrorDecoder.js
www/src/components/ErrorDecoder/index.js
www/src/components/Flex/Flex.js
www/src/components/Flex/index.js
www/src/components/Header/Header.js
www/src/components/Header/index.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/ExternalFooterLink.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/Footer.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/FooterLink.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/FooterNav.js
www/src/components/LayoutFooter/index.js
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/Header.js
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/HeaderLink.js
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/SearchSvg.js
www/src/components/LayoutHeader/index.js
www/src/components/MarkdownHeader/MarkdownHeader.js
www/src/components/MarkdownHeader/index.js
www/src/components/MarkdownPage/MarkdownPage.js
www/src/components/MarkdownPage/index.js
www/src/components/StickyResponsiveSidebar/StickyResponsiveSidebar.js
www/src/components/StickyResponsiveSidebar/index.js
www/src/components/TitleAndMetaTags/TitleAndMetaTags.js
www/src/components/TitleAndMetaTags/index.js
www/src/constants.js
www/src/css/algolia.css
www/src/css/reset.css
www/src/html.js
www/src/icons/logo.svg
www/src/images/oss_logo.png
www/src/layouts/index.js
www/src/pages/404.js
www/src/pages/acknowledgements.html.js
www/src/pages/blog/all.html.js
www/src/pages/docs/error-decoder.html.js
www/src/pages/favicon.ico
www/src/pages/robots.txt
www/src/prism-styles.js
www/src/templates/blog.js
www/src/templates/community.js
www/src/templates/components/ButtonLink/ButtonLink.js
www/src/templates/components/ButtonLink/index.js
www/src/templates/components/ChevronSvg/index.js
www/src/templates/components/ExternalLinkSvg/index.js
www/src/templates/components/MetaTitle/index.js
www/src/templates/components/NavigationFooter/NavigationFooter.js
www/src/templates/components/NavigationFooter/index.js
www/src/templates/components/Sidebar/Section.js
www/src/templates/components/Sidebar/Sidebar.js
www/src/templates/components/Sidebar/index.js
www/src/templates/docs.js
www/src/templates/home.js
www/src/templates/installation.js
www/src/templates/tutorial.js
www/src/theme.js
www/src/utils/createLink.js
www/src/utils/findSectionForPath.js
www/src/utils/isItemActive.js
www/src/utils/mountCodeExample.js
www/src/utils/sectionList.js
www/src/utils/slugify.js
www/src/utils/toCommaSeparatedList.js
www/static/external.png
www/static/favicon.ico
www/static/large-logo.svg
www/static/search.svg
www/yarn.lock

Author:Matias Larsson 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md
fixtures/attribute-behavior/README.md
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/attributes.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/possibleStandardNames.js

Author:Spencer Miskoviak 
docs/docs/addons-perf.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
LICENSE-examples

Author:Ivan Babak 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/multiple-copies-of-react-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js

Author:Syed Fazle Rahman 
docs/community/support.md

Author:Cody Wall 
docs/docs/portals.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
scripts/jest/fiber.config.json
scripts/jest/setup.js
scripts/jest/stack.config.json
scripts/jest/stack.setup.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/index.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/server.browser.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/server.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMStackInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/native/PooledClass.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/CallbackQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/KeyEscapeUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponentTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactDebugCurrentStack.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactHostComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceType.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactNodeTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/Transaction.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/flattenStackChildren.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/getHostComponentFromComposite.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/traverseStackChildren.js
src/shared/ReactInstanceType.js

Author:Mario Schüttel 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js

Author:Leslie 
docs/_posts/2015-12-04-react-js-conf-2016-diversity-scholarship.md
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
scripts/bench/server.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/docs/addons-perf.md

Author:Youngchan Je 
docs/_posts/2017-09-26-react-v16.0.md

Author:Arthur Gunn 
AUTHORS
docs/_data/acknowledgements.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/portals.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/composition-vs-inheritance.md
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md
docs/docs/lists-and-keys.md
docs/docs/portals.md
docs/docs/reference-dom-elements.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom-server.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
docs/docs/portals.md

Author:Karl Horky 
docs/docs/handling-events.md

Author:Samuel 
docs/docs/portals.md

Author:Kaylee Knowles 
docs/docs/portals.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/context.md

Author:Samuel Reed 
docs/docs/context.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md
docs/downloads/single-file-example.html

Author:Andrew Clark 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/_posts/2017-09-26-react-v16.0.md
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/docs/portals.md
docs/docs/reference-javascript-environment-requirements.md
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom-node-stream.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom-server.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
.flowconfig

Author:Andrew Clark 
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_data/authors.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2017-09-25-react-v15.6.2.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/reference-test-renderer.md

Author:Sophie Alpert 
fixtures/dom/package.json
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
yarn.lock

Author:Sophie Alpert 
LICENSE
PATENTS
README.md
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/perf-counters/package.json
scripts/release-manager/package.json
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
src/package.json

Author:Sophie Alpert 
docs/_js/ErrorDecoderComponent.js
eslint-rules/__tests__/no-primitive-constructors-test.js
eslint-rules/__tests__/warning-and-invariant-args-test.js
eslint-rules/no-primitive-constructors.js
eslint-rules/warning-and-invariant-args.js
fixtures/art/VectorWidget.js
flow/environment.js
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
mocks/ReactElementTestChild.js
mocks/ReactMockedComponentTestComponent.js
packages/react-art/lib/Circle.art.js
packages/react-art/lib/Rectangle.art.js
packages/react-art/lib/Wedge.art.js
scripts/babel/transform-object-assign-require.js
scripts/error-codes/Types.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/dev-expression-with-codes-test.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/invertObject-test.js
scripts/error-codes/extract-errors.js
scripts/error-codes/invertObject.js
scripts/error-codes/replace-invariant-error-codes.js
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js
scripts/jest/setupSpecEquivalenceReporter.js
scripts/perf-counters/src/hardware-counter.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/hardware-counter.h
scripts/perf-counters/src/jsc-perf.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/perf-counters.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/portability.h
scripts/perf-counters/src/thread-local.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/thread-local.h
scripts/prettier/index.js
scripts/print-warnings/print-warnings.js
scripts/rollup/header.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/__tests__/wrap-warning-with-env-check-test.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/wrap-warning-with-env-check.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/DOMProperty.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/EventPluginHub.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/EventPluginUtils.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/EventPropagators.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactErrorUtils.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactInstanceMap.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticUIEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/findDOMNode.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactDebugTool.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNative.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactPerf.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/TouchHistoryMath.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/takeSnapshot.js
scripts/shared/__tests__/evalToString-test.js
scripts/shared/evalToString.js
scripts/tasks/eslint.js
scripts/tasks/flow.js
scripts/tasks/version-check.js
src/ReactVersion.js
src/__mocks__/ExceptionsManager.js
src/__mocks__/InitializeCore.js
src/__mocks__/Platform.js
src/__mocks__/RCTEventEmitter.js
src/__mocks__/TextInputState.js
src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/__mocks__/View.js
src/__mocks__/deepDiffer.js
src/__mocks__/deepFreezeAndThrowOnMutationInDev.js
src/__mocks__/flattenStyle.js
src/fb/ReactDOMFiberFBEntry.js
src/isomorphic/ReactEntry.js
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/onlyChild.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/PropTypes.d.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/class/React.d.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactBaseClasses.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactDOM.d.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/multiple-copies-of-react-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/art/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerBrowserEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerNodeEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMMarkupOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMNamespaces.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLNodeType.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMClientInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentFlags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMUnstableNativeDependenciesEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMAttribute-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/checkReact.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/createMicrosoftUnsafeLocalFunction.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/DOMEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/possibleStandardNames.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/validAriaProperties.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/inputValueTracking.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/setInnerHTML.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/setTextContent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/AutoFocusUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/assertValidProps.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getEventCharCode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getEventKey.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getEventModifierState.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getEventTarget.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/isCustomComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/isEventSupported.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/omittedCloseTags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/voidElementTags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/warnValidStyle.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMStackInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtilsEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixinUtils.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberErrorDialog.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTypes.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/findNumericNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/takeSnapshot.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactInstrumentation.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberInstrumentation.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStack.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactPriorityLevel.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfInternalContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactCoroutine.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactPortal.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactInvalidSetStateWarningHook.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactInstanceMap.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/BrowserEventConstants.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/PluginModuleType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactControlledComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactGenericBatching.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/getContextForSubtree.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/PooledClass.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/CallbackQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/KeyEscapeUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponentTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactDebugCurrentStack.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactHostComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceType.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactNodeTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/Transaction.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/flattenStackChildren.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/getHostComponentFromComposite.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/traverseStackChildren.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/adler32-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/accumulate.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/accumulateInto.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/adler32.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/isTextInputElement.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/validateCallback.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactShallowRendererEntry.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRendererTraversal-test.js
src/shared/ReactElementType.js
src/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
src/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
src/shared/describeComponentFrame.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.js
src/shared/utils/getComponentName.js
src/shared/utils/lowPriorityWarning.js
src/shared/utils/reactProdInvariant.js
src/test/ReactComponentTreeTestUtils.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMAttribute-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Joe Critchley 
docs/_posts/2017-09-08-dom-attributes-in-react-16.md

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Kenneth Chau 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Robert Haritonov 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventTypes.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTypes.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js.snap

Author:Anuja Ware 
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md

Author:Clement Hoang 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMAttribute-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtilsEntry.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtilsEntry.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/assign.js
src/isomorphic/ReactEntry.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Thibaut Rizzi 
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/warnings/dont-call-proptypes.md

Author:Matthew Shotton 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:François Chalifour 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Brian Emil Hartz 
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md

Author:zhangs 
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md

Author:Nikoloz Buligini 
scripts/tasks/flow.js

Author:Taegon Kim 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Jane Manchun Wong 
AUTHORS
CHANGELOG.md
docs/_data/acknowledgements.yml
docs/_posts/2013-06-12-community-roundup.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-26-community-roundup-7.md
docs/_posts/2013-09-24-community-roundup-8.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-29-react-v0-5-1.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md
docs/_posts/2016-04-07-react-v15.md
docs/_posts/2016-04-08-react-v15.0.1.md
docs/_posts/2016-08-05-relay-state-of-the-state.md

Author:Héliton Nordt 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Clement Hoang 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
docs/_data/authors.yml
docs/_posts/2014-02-16-react-v0.9-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-20-react-v0.9.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-10-react-v0.13.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-26-introducing-react-native.md
docs/_posts/2015-07-03-react-v0.14-beta-1.md
docs/_posts/2015-09-02-new-react-developer-tools.md
docs/_posts/2015-09-10-react-v0.14-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2015-10-07-react-v0.14.md
docs/_posts/2015-12-29-react-v0.14.4.md
docs/_posts/2016-01-12-discontinuing-ie8-support.md
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2017-09-08-dom-attributes-in-react-16.md

Author:Clement Hoang 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:guoyong yi 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/header.js

Author:Daniel Liburd 
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRendering.js

Author:Robert Haritonov 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Sophie Alpert 
packages/react/index.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
.mailmap

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
fixtures/art/package.json
fixtures/art/webpack.config.js
fixtures/art/yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventTypes.js

Author:Sophie Alpert 
.eslintignore
fixtures/art/VectorWidget.js
packages/react-art/lib/Circle.art.js
packages/react-art/lib/Rectangle.art.js
packages/react-art/lib/Wedge.art.js
packages/react-art/package.json

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
yarn.lock

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/AttributeTableSnapshot.md
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Daniel Rotter 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMAttribute-test.js

Author:David Beitey 
docs/docs/accessibility.md

Author:Nikita Lebedev 
scripts/bench/stats.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/.gitignore
fixtures/attribute-behavior/package.json
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/attributes.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/index.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/react-loader.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/yarn.lock

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/dom/src/components/IssueList.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/TestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/style.css
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Eric Nakagawa 
docs/crowdin.yaml

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/isCustomComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
src/__mocks__/Platform.js
src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventTypes.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTypes.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMMarkupOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/possibleStandardNames.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/isCustomComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/package.json
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/index.js

Author:Jason Quense 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/sync.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/tasks/eslint.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Tyler Deitz 
docs/docs/reference-events.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
.flowconfig
flow/environment.js
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
package.json
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTypes.js
src/renderers/native/takeSnapshot.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/getContextForSubtree.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactNodeTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/flattenStackChildren.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js
src/shared/ReactElementType.js
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Mitermayer Reis 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js

Author:zombieJ 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Mitermayer Reis 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
.eslintignore
fixtures/attribute-behavior/.gitignore
fixtures/attribute-behavior/public/react-dom.development.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/public/react.development.js
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/package.json
fixtures/attribute-behavior/public/react-dom.development.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/public/react-dom.production.min.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/public/react.development.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/public/react.production.min.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/index.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
.eslintignore
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/index.js
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.css
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/index.css
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/index.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/logo.svg
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/registerServiceWorker.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
fixtures/attribute-behavior/.gitignore
fixtures/attribute-behavior/README.md
fixtures/attribute-behavior/package.json
fixtures/attribute-behavior/public/favicon.ico
fixtures/attribute-behavior/public/index.html
fixtures/attribute-behavior/public/manifest.json
fixtures/attribute-behavior/public/react-dom.production.min.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/public/react.production.min.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.css
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/App.test.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/index.css
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/index.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/logo.svg
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/react-loader.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/src/registerServiceWorker.js
fixtures/attribute-behavior/yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/attribute-behavior/src/App.css

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/attribute-behavior/src/App.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
.eslintignore
scripts/attribute-behavior/.gitignore
scripts/attribute-behavior/README.md
scripts/attribute-behavior/package.json
scripts/attribute-behavior/public/favicon.ico
scripts/attribute-behavior/public/index.html
scripts/attribute-behavior/public/manifest.json
scripts/attribute-behavior/public/react-dom.production.min.js
scripts/attribute-behavior/public/react.production.min.js
scripts/attribute-behavior/src/App.css
scripts/attribute-behavior/src/App.js
scripts/attribute-behavior/src/App.test.js
scripts/attribute-behavior/src/index.css
scripts/attribute-behavior/src/index.js
scripts/attribute-behavior/src/logo.svg
scripts/attribute-behavior/src/react-loader.js
scripts/attribute-behavior/src/registerServiceWorker.js
scripts/attribute-behavior/yarn.lock
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Mitermayer Reis 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Mitermayer Reis 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/jest/fiber.setup.js
scripts/jest/stack.setup.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNative.js
src/node_modules/react-native/index.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInspector.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClassFiber.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClassStack.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/findNumericNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/findNumericNodeHandleStack.js
src/renderers/native/takeSnapshot.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/possibleStandardNames.js

Author:Alexander 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackEntry.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeFeatureFlags.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Jack Ford 
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtilsEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
packages/react/index.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js

Author:Karthik Balakrishnan 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:ksvitkovsky 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ARIADOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMMarkupOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/possibleStandardNames.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/validAriaProperties.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/assertValidProps.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Ian Sutherland 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
docs/docs/cross-origin-errors.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMNamespaces.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/setInnerHTML.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactInstanceMap.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/checkReact.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Edgar (Algebr) 
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
fixtures/dom/package.json
fixtures/dom/yarn.lock
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Sasha Aickin 
docs/docs/reference-react-dom-node-stream.md
scripts/error-codes/codes.json
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerBrowserEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerNodeEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingBrowser-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/flattenStackChildren.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/traverseStackChildren.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
package.json
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
package.json
scripts/bench/package.json
scripts/bench/yarn.lock
yarn.lock

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/date-inputs/switch-date-test-case.js

Author:Mateusz Burzyński 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
.flowconfig
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/error-codes/codes.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRendererTraversal-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Rodrigo Pombo 
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/App.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/Fibers.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/describeFibers.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.flowconfig
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRendererTraversal-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Rodrigo Pombo 
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/App.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/Fibers.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/describeFibers.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.babelrc

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/PooledClass.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/event-pooling/hit-box.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/event-pooling/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/event-pooling/mouse-move.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/event-pooling/persistence.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Devedse 
docs/img/blog/animal-sounds.jpg
docs/img/blog/chatapp.png
docs/img/blog/cra-better-output.png
docs/img/blog/cra-pwa.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/compiled-successfully.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/compiled-with-warnings.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/created-folder.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/failed-to-compile.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/npm-run-build.png
docs/img/blog/devtools-tree-view.png
docs/img/blog/dog-tutorial.png
docs/img/blog/error-boundaries-stack-trace-line-numbers.png
docs/img/blog/error-boundaries-stack-trace.png
docs/img/blog/first-look.png
docs/img/blog/flux-chart.png
docs/img/blog/flux-diagram.png
docs/img/blog/genesis_skeleton.png
docs/img/blog/guess_filter.jpg
docs/img/blog/hacker-news-react-native.png
docs/img/blog/jsx-compiler.png
docs/img/blog/kendoui.png
docs/img/blog/landoflisp.png
docs/img/blog/lights-out.png
docs/img/blog/makona-editor.png
docs/img/blog/markdown_refactor.png
docs/img/blog/ngreact.png
docs/img/blog/om-backbone.png
docs/img/blog/parse-react.jpg
docs/img/blog/polarr.jpg
docs/img/blog/propeller-logo.png
docs/img/blog/property-finder.png
docs/img/blog/quiztime.png
docs/img/blog/react-50k-mock-full.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-50k-mock.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-50k-tshirt.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-browserify-gulp.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-dev-tools.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-diff-tree.png
docs/img/blog/react-draggable.png
docs/img/blog/react-hackathon.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-page.png
docs/img/blog/react-perf-chrome-timeline.png
docs/img/blog/react-php.png
docs/img/blog/react-svg-fbp.png
docs/img/blog/reactive-bookmarklet.png
docs/img/blog/reflux-flux.png
docs/img/blog/relay-components/relay-architecture.png
docs/img/blog/relay-components/relay-containers-data-flow.png
docs/img/blog/relay-components/relay-containers.png
docs/img/blog/relay-components/sample-newsfeed.png
docs/img/blog/relay-visual-architecture-tour.png
docs/img/blog/resistance-calculator.png
docs/img/blog/skills-matter.png
docs/img/blog/sweet-jsx.png
docs/img/blog/tcomb-react-native.png
docs/img/blog/thinking-in-react-components.png
docs/img/blog/thinking-in-react-mock.png
docs/img/blog/todomvc.png
docs/img/blog/turboreact.png
docs/img/blog/tutsplus.png
docs/img/blog/unite.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-poll.png
docs/img/blog/weather.png
docs/img/blog/wolfenstein_react.png
docs/img/blog/xoxo2013.png
docs/img/blog/xreact.png
docs/img/docs/cdn-cors-header.png
docs/img/docs/codewinds-004.png
docs/img/docs/devtools-dev.png
docs/img/docs/devtools-prod.png
docs/img/docs/implementation-notes-tree.png
docs/img/docs/javascript-jabber.png
docs/img/docs/keyboard-focus.png
docs/img/docs/perf-dom.png
docs/img/docs/perf-exclusive.png
docs/img/docs/perf-inclusive.png
docs/img/docs/perf-wasted.png
docs/img/docs/should-component-update.png
docs/img/external.png
docs/img/external_2x.png
docs/img/logo_og.png
docs/img/logo_small.png
docs/img/logo_small_2x.png
docs/img/logo_small_gray.png
docs/img/logo_small_gray_2x.png
docs/img/noise.png
docs/img/oss_logo.png
docs/img/search.png
docs/img/tutorial/devtools.png
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/logo.png

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/error-codes/codes.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/testing/ReactShallowRendererEntry.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
fixtures/dom/public/index.html
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/error-handling/index.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/date-inputs/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/img/docs/cdn-cors-header.png

Author:Jason Quense 
fixtures/dom/package.json
fixtures/dom/public/index.html
fixtures/dom/public/react-loader.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/App.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/buttons/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/error-handling/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/NumberInputDecimal.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/NumberInputExtraZeroes.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/NumberTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/password-inputs/PasswordTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/password-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/InputTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/polyfills.js
fixtures/dom/src/react-loader.js
fixtures/dom/yarn.lock
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/upload_build.sh

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom/node-stream.js
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-dom/server.browser.js
packages/react-dom/server.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/node_modules/react-dom/server.browser.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/server.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerBrowserEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerNodeEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRenderingBrowser-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
docs/_posts/2016-07-11-introducing-reacts-error-code-system.md
scripts/error-codes/README.md
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/dev-expression-with-codes-test.js
scripts/error-codes/replace-invariant-error-codes.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/__tests__/wrap-warning-with-env-check-test.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/wrap-warning-with-env-check.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/testing/ReactShallowRendererEntry.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/testing/ReactShallowRendererEntry.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Michał Pierzchała 
scripts/error-codes/extract-errors.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Greg Hurrell 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Jack Ford 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactShallowRenderer-test.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:guoyong yi 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2017-07-26-error-handling-in-react-16.md

Author:Fernando Montoya 
docs/_posts/2017-07-26-error-handling-in-react-16.md
docs/img/blog/error-boundaries-stack-trace-line-numbers.png
docs/img/blog/error-boundaries-stack-trace.png

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMMarkupOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/date-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/date-inputs/switch-date-test-case.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/_posts/2017-07-26-error-handling-in-react-16.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2017-07-26-error-handling-in-react-16.md

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/_posts/2017-07-26-error-handling-in-react-16.md

Author:Keyan Zhang 
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2017-07-26-error-handling-in-react-16.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2017-07-26-error-handling-in-react-16.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/error-codes/README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactControlledComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/jest/fiber.setup.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-dom-factories/README.md
packages/react-dom-factories/index.js
packages/react-dom-factories/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
fixtures/dom/src/components/propTypes.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/App.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/Fibers.js
fixtures/packaging/browserify/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/browserify/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/app/initialize.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/app/initialize.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/prod/input.js
fixtures/ssr/server/index.js
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/prod/input.js
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/error-handling/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/jest/fiber.setup.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
.flowconfig
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/ReactEntry.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactBaseClasses.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/traverseAllChildren.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/PooledClass.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/flattenChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
package.json
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
scripts/circleci/test_fiber.sh
scripts/fiber/record-tests
scripts/jest/fiber.config.json
scripts/jest/fiber.setup.js
scripts/jest/setupSpecEquivalenceReporter.js
scripts/jest/stack.config.json
scripts/jest/stack.setup.js
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js

Author:Jason Quense 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/inputValueTracking.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/isomorphic/children/flattenChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/traverseAllChildren.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMMarkupOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/assertValidProps.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtilsEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStack.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactInvalidSetStateWarningHook.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMMarkupOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/warnValidStyle.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
package.json
scripts/fiber/record-tests
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/inputValueTracking.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
src/isomorphic/children/traverseAllChildren.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactDebugCurrentStack.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactShallowRendererEntry.js
src/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
src/shared/describeComponentFrame.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Jason Quense 
fixtures/dom/public/react-loader.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/TestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RadioGroupFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/index.js
fixtures/dom/yarn.lock
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/inputValueTracking.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMNodeStreamEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMClientInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMStackInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInjection.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMClientInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
docs/warnings/refs-must-have-owner.md
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/multiple-copies-of-react-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
src/isomorphic/children/flattenChildren.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/flattenStackChildren.js

Author:Garrett McCullough 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/CallbackQueue.js

Author:Michiya 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/art/VectorWidget.js
fixtures/art/app.js
fixtures/art/webpack.config.js
fixtures/dom/public/react-loader.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/App.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Fixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/FixtureSet.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/TestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/buttons/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/InputPlaceholderFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RadioClickFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RangeKeyboardFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/NumberInputDecimal.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/NumberInputExtraZeroes.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/NumberTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/password-inputs/PasswordTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/password-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/range-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/InputTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/textareas/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/propTypes.js
fixtures/dom/src/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/tags.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/App.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/Editor.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/Fibers.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/describeFibers.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/index.js
fixtures/packaging/browserify/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/browserify/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/app/initialize.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/app/initialize.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/build-all.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/dev/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/prod/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/prod/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/prod/input.js
fixtures/ssr/server/index.js
fixtures/ssr/server/render.js
fixtures/ssr/src/components/App.js
fixtures/ssr/src/components/Chrome.js
fixtures/ssr/src/components/Page.js
fixtures/ssr/src/index.js
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Peter Ruibal 
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-dom/unstable-native-dependencies.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/node_modules/react-dom/unstable-native-dependencies.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMUnstableNativeDependenciesEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/addons.md
docs/docs/context.md
docs/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.md
docs/warnings/dont-call-proptypes.md

Author:walrusfruitcake 
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js

Author:Eli White 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Dheeraj Kumar 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactShallowRendererEntry.js

Author:Eli White 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Martin V 
package.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap

Author:Nick Kasten 
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Ilya Gelman 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Andrew Rota 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Guilherme Ruiz 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Kiho · Cham 
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Kiho · Cham 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js

Author:Almero Steyn 
docs/docs/accessibility.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/NumberInputExtraZeroes.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/index.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Henry Harris 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js

Author:Sasha Aickin 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
yarn.lock

Author:Jack Ford 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js

Author:Jack Ford 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberErrorDialog.js

Author:Almero Steyn 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/accessibility.md
docs/img/docs/keyboard-focus.png

Author:Sasha Aickin 
packages/react-dom/package.json

Author:Sasha Aickin 
docs/docs/reference-react-dom-node-stream.md

Author:Sasha Aickin 
package.json

Author:Simen Bekkhus 
README.md

Author:Sasha Aickin 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/reference-react-dom-node-stream.md
packages/react-dom/node-stream.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/node_modules/react-dom/node-stream.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/server.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMNodeStreamEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMNodeStreamRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStringRenderer.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactPartialRenderer.js

Author:Sasha Aickin 
docs/docs/reference-react-dom-server.md

Author:Sasha Aickin 
.gitignore

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactPerf.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactDOMInputSelection.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactElement.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/PooledClass.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactChildren.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/flattenChildren.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getComponentName.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/onlyChild.js
src/fb/ReactFBEntry.js

Author:Michael Ridgway 
package.json
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
yarn.lock

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
fixtures/fiber-debugger/package.json
fixtures/fiber-debugger/yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
.flowconfig
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap

Author:Andrew Clark 
package.json
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactPriorityLevel.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
package.json
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
yarn.lock

Author:newvlad 
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md

Author:tokikuch 
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactDOMSelection.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactInputSelection.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getEventCharCode.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getEventKey.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getEventTarget.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/isEventSupported.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/setInnerHTML.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/setTextContent.js
src/fb/ReactDOMFiberFBEntry.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/fb/ReactDOMFiberFBEntry.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/header.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Bogdan Chadkin 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
mocks/ReactElementTestChild.js
mocks/ReactMockedComponentTestComponent.js
scripts/fiber/record-tests
scripts/jest/setupMocks.js
scripts/jest/setupSpecEquivalenceReporter.js
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
src/fb/ReactDOMFiberFBEntry.js
src/fb/ReactFBEntry.js
src/isomorphic/ReactEntry.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/node_modules/react-art/index.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/index.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/ReactDOM.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/ReactDOMServer.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/ReactInstanceMap.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/ReactPerf.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/ReactTestUtils.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/server.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/test-utils.js
src/node_modules/react-native/index.js
src/node_modules/react-noop-renderer/index.js
src/node_modules/react-test-renderer/index.js
src/node_modules/react-test-renderer/shallow.js
src/node_modules/react/index.js
src/node_modules/react/lib/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/node_modules/react/lib/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/node_modules/react/lib/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerStreamEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMStackEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/__mocks__/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/__mocks__/ReactDOMServer.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtilsEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackEntry.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/ReactNative.js
src/renderers/native/takeSnapshot.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoopEntry.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactShallowRendererEntry.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiberEntry.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestMount.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestRendererStack.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestTextComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalTriangle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md
docs/_posts/2017-06-13-react-v15.6.0.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/addons-animation.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/node_modules/react-art/index.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/test-utils.js
src/node_modules/react-native/index.js
src/node_modules/react-noop-renderer/index.js
src/node_modules/react-test-renderer/shallow.js
src/renderers/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/art/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
docs/_data/authors.yml
docs/_posts/2017-06-13-react-v15.6.0.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
docs/docs/reference-dom-elements.md
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Taehwan, No 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Jack Ford 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInspector.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2015-12-16-ismounted-antipattern.md
docs/docs/addons-animation.md
docs/docs/addons-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/addons-shallow-compare.md
docs/docs/addons-shallow-renderer.md
docs/docs/addons-test-utils.md
docs/docs/addons-two-way-binding-helpers.md
docs/docs/addons-update.md
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md

Author:Danilo Vitoriano 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Mario Souto 
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactServerRenderer.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactServerRenderer.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom-factories/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/adler32.js
src/fb/ReactDOMFiberFBEntry.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/flattenChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/traverseAllChildren.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactBaseClasses.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/KeyEscapeUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/flattenStackChildren.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/traverseStackChildren.js
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypesSecret.js
src/shared/utils/ReactElementSymbol.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/KeyEscapeUtils-test.js
src/shared/utils/canDefineProperty.js
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js
src/shared/utils/getIteratorFn.js
src/shared/utils/getNextDebugID.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:pingan1927 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/NumberInputDecimal.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/index.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Sakina Crocker 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Victoria Quirante 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerStream.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/art/ReactART.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTStack.js
src/renderers/art/__tests__/ReactART-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
scripts/circleci/test_html_generation.sh
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.travis.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Kurt Furbush 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Garmash Nikolay 
docs/docs/addons-animation.md

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js

Author:Arthur Gunn 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Fernando Montoya 
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-30-community-roundup-26.md
docs/_posts/2015-08-13-reacteurope-roundup.md
docs/_posts/2016-07-22-create-apps-with-no-configuration.md
docs/_posts/2016-09-28-our-first-50000-stars.md
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Lipis 
.eslintrc.js

Author:Ricardo 
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md

Author:cjshawMIT 
docs/docs/reference-dom-elements.md

Author:António Nuno Monteiro 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Edvin Erikson 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactServerRenderer.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInspector.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiber.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/createReactNativeComponentClass-test.js

Author:Dustan Kasten 
.flowconfig
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
package.json
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
yarn.lock

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEventListener.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStack.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTypes.js

Author:Lipis 
docs/_posts/2013-06-12-community-roundup.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-19-community-roundup-2.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-27-community-roundup-3.md
docs/_posts/2013-09-24-community-roundup-8.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-23-community-roundup-12.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-30-community-roundup-13.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-05-community-roundup-15.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-15-community-roundup-16.md
docs/_posts/2014-08-03-community-roundup-21.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md
docs/community/videos.it-IT.md
docs/docs/lists-and-keys.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/CallbackQueue.js
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Dustan Kasten 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiber.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.eslintignore

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/fb/ReactDOMFBEntry.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react/package.json
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/addons/ReactDOMFactories.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactDOMFactories-test.js
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/React-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/createReactClassIntegration-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/createClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js

Author:Lipis 
docs/_js/html-jsx-lib.js
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-05-community-roundup-6.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-26-community-roundup-7.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-05-community-roundup-15.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-29-one-year-of-open-source-react.md
fixtures/dom/src/tags.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEventListener.js

Author:Erik Hellman 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
scripts/print-warnings/print-warnings.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/addons-shallow-renderer.md
docs/docs/addons-test-utils.md

Author:Will Myers 
docs/_posts/2015-12-16-ismounted-antipattern.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Max Donchenko 
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClassFiber.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClassStack.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHydrationContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/circleci/build.sh
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md
scripts/rollup/build.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Tom Occhino 
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/dev-expression-with-codes-test.js
scripts/error-codes/dev-expression-with-codes.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactServerRenderer.js

Author:Danny Hurlburt 
docs/docs/integrating-with-other-libraries.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/header.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNative.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeFeatureFlags.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/findNodeHandle.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/takeSnapshot.js
scripts/rollup/sync.js
scripts/rollup/utils.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixinUtils.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberRenderer.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStack.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTypes.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/findNumericNodeHandleFiber.js
src/renderers/native/findNumericNodeHandleStack.js
src/renderers/native/takeSnapshot.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactCoroutine.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactPortal.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactTypes.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/shared/utils/lowPriorityWarning.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberInspector.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStack.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInspector.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/addons/__tests__/ReactDOMFactories-test.js
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/React-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactBaseClasses.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js
src/shared/utils/lowPriorityWarning.js

Author:Samuel Hapák 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Erik Hellman 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Hikaru Suido 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/fb/ReactDOMFiberFBEntry.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js

Author:Dave Lunny 
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Paul Manta 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2017-05-18-whats-new-in-create-react-app.md
docs/img/blog/cra-better-output.png
docs/img/blog/cra-dynamic-import.gif
docs/img/blog/cra-jest-search.gif
docs/img/blog/cra-pwa.png
docs/img/blog/cra-runtime-error.gif
docs/img/blog/cra-update-exports.gif

Author:Dylan Kirby 
scripts/bench/README.md

Author:Billy Shih 
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServer.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServerStream.js
src/renderers/dom/__mocks__/ReactDOMServer.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/shared/server/ReactServerRenderer.js

Author:Tom Occhino 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/server/ReactServer.js
src/renderers/server/ReactServerRenderer.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/style.css

Author:Michal Srb 
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/bench/benchmark.js
scripts/bench/build.js
scripts/bench/runner.js
scripts/bench/server.js
scripts/bench/stats.js
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Tom Occhino 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/assertValidProps.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/tasks/eslint.js
scripts/tasks/flow.js
scripts/tasks/jest.js

Author:shifengchen 
docs/docs/forms.md
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md

Author:Tom Occhino 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/isCustomComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/omittedCloseTags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/voidElementTags.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Philipp Spieß 
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Carolina Powers 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Philipp Spieß 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixinUtils.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
.eslintignore
.flowconfig
.gitignore
package.json
scripts/bench/README.md
scripts/bench/analyze.py
scripts/bench/bench-createclass.js
scripts/bench/bench-pe-sfc.js
scripts/bench/bench-pe.js
scripts/bench/benchmark.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/benchmark.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/build.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/generate.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/grayarrow.gif
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/index.html
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/logo.png
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/style.css
scripts/bench/benchmarks/hacker-news/top-stories.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-class-components/benchmark.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-class-components/build.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-class-components/index.html
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-functional-components/benchmark.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-functional-components/build.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-functional-components/index.html
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-no-components/benchmark.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-no-components/build.js
scripts/bench/benchmarks/pe-no-components/index.html
scripts/bench/build.js
scripts/bench/extract-component.js
scripts/bench/measure.py
scripts/bench/runner.js
scripts/bench/server.js
scripts/bench/stats.js
scripts/circleci/bench.sh
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/stats.js
yarn.lock

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
.flowconfig
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/package.json
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/InputTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Addy Osmani 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md
docs/img/docs/devtools-dev.png
docs/img/docs/devtools-prod.png

Author:Andrew Clark 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom-factories/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js

Author:Joe Critchley 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Abhay Nikam 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Frankie Bagnardi 
docs/Gemfile.lock
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/README.md

Author:Marcos Ojeda 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
fixtures/ssr/server/render.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
fixtures/ssr/README.md
fixtures/ssr/package.json
fixtures/ssr/public/favicon.ico
fixtures/ssr/public/index.html
fixtures/ssr/server/index.js
fixtures/ssr/server/render.js
fixtures/ssr/src/components/App.js
fixtures/ssr/src/components/Chrome.css
fixtures/ssr/src/components/Chrome.js
fixtures/ssr/src/components/Page.css
fixtures/ssr/src/components/Page.js
fixtures/ssr/src/index.js
fixtures/ssr/yarn.lock

Author:Manas 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMFrameScheduling-test.js

Author:Sriram Thiagarajan 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/rollup/modules.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/rollup/modules.js

Author:lamo2k123 
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:wacii 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/integrating-with-other-libraries.md

Author:RSG 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Tetsuya Hasegawa 
README.md

Author:Sriram Thiagarajan 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/index.md
docs/js/codemirror.js
docs/js/es5-sham.min.js
docs/js/es5-shim.min.js
docs/js/html5shiv.min.js
docs/js/javascript.js
docs/js/jsx.js
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js
docs/js/remarkable.min.js
docs/js/xml.js

Author:chocolateboy 
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom-server.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom.md
docs/docs/reference-react.md

Author:Dmitri Zaitsev 
docs/docs/react-without-jsx.md

Author:Mateusz Burzyński 
src/isomorphic/children/flattenChildren.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
yarn.lock

Author:Frankie Bagnardi 
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/rollup/modules.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/isomorphic/children/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Benedikt Meurer 
src/isomorphic/children/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/BrowserEventConstants.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventConstants.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js

Author:Maciej Kasprzyk 
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/stack.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
src/isomorphic/React.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTStack.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTStack.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
docs/docs/addons.md
packages/react-dom-factories/README.md
packages/react-dom-factories/index.js
packages/react-dom-factories/package.json
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/addons/ReactDOMFactories.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactDOMFactories-test.js
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Jen Wong 
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
circle.yml
docs/circle.yml

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Soo Jae Hwang 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Abhay Nikam 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Vitaliy Potapov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Roman Matusevich 
Author:David Hu 
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Benton Rochester 
.gitignore

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfInternalContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfInternalContext.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiberAsync-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactTypeOfContext.js

Author:Eric Sakmar 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/dev-expression-with-codes-test.js
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/jest/setupSpecEquivalenceReporter.js
scripts/jest/ts-preprocessor.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/EventPluginHub.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/EventPluginUtils.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/EventPropagators.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactChildren.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactDOMInputSelection.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactDOMSelection.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactElement.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactErrorUtils.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactInputSelection.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactInstanceMap.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactPerf.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticUIEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/findDOMNode.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/flattenChildren.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getComponentName.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getEventCharCode.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getEventTarget.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/isEventSupported.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/setInnerHTML.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/setTextContent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactDebugTool.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactErrorUtils.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/TouchHistoryMath.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/findNodeHandle.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactDebugCurrentFrameRollupShim.js
scripts/rollup/stats.js
scripts/tasks/version-check.js
src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/traverseAllChildren.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/create-react-class-integration-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTStack.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/inputValueTracking.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/setInnerHTML.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/isEventSupported.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMStackInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixinUtils.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactCoroutine.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactPortal.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/Transaction.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/flattenStackChildren.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/traverseStackChildren.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/adler32.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactShallowRenderer.js
src/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js
src/shared/utils/ReactElementSymbol.js
src/shared/utils/getIteratorFn.js
src/shared/utils/reactProdInvariant.js
yarn.lock

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/children/traverseAllChildren.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/traverseStackChildren.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Almero Steyn 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/__mocks__/UIManager.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-dom/test-utils.js
packages/react-test-renderer/index.js
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/shallow.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactTestUtils.js
src/fb/ReactDOMFBEntry.js
src/fb/ReactDOMFiberFBEntry.js
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkPropTypes.js
src/node_modules/react-test-renderer/index.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactShallowRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestRendererStack.js
src/test/ReactShallowRenderer.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/__mocks__/UIManager.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/__mocks__/UIManager.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Almero Steyn 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Joel Denning 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Fabrizio Castellarin 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js.snap
src/renderers/native/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactNativeMount-test.js.snap

Author:Filip Hoško 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_data/nav_tutorial.yml
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_data/nav_tutorial.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Frankie Bagnardi 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Abhishek Soni 
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md

Author:hanumanthan 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Michał Ordon 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Jayen Ashar 
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Fraser Haer 
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md

Author:NE-SmallTown 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Chris Pearce 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js

Author:Sung Won Cho 
eslint-rules/__tests__/no-primitive-constructors-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLNodeType.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/setTextContent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getEventTarget.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Arshabh Kumar Agarwal 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Abhay Nikam 
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Vikash Agrawal 
README.md

Author:Abhay Nikam 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Marks Polakovs 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Eric Elliott 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Jack 
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md

Author:Gabriel Lett Viviani 
docs/warnings/dont-call-proptypes.md

Author:hanumanthan 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
docs/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
fixtures/art/VectorWidget.js
fixtures/dom/package.json
fixtures/dom/public/index.html
fixtures/dom/src/components/App.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Fixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/FixtureSet.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/TestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/buttons/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/NumberTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/password-inputs/PasswordTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/password-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/range-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/textareas/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/propTypes.js
fixtures/dom/yarn.lock
package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/jest/ts-preprocessor.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/React-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/create-react-class-integration-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/createClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/PropTypes.d.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2017-04-07-react-v15.5.0.md

Author:Denis Pismenny 
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
package.json
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/React-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/create-react-class-integration-test.js
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/react-create-class-integration-test.js
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/React-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
mocks/ReactElementTestChild.js
mocks/ReactMockedComponentTestComponent.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTStack.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js

Author:Maciej Kasprzyk 
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/renderers/shared/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Luke Belliveau 
docs/contributing/implementation-notes.md

Author:Aaron Ackerman 
docs/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
CHANGELOG.md
docs/_data/authors.yml
docs/_posts/2017-04-07-react-v15.5.0.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactCheckPropTypesRollupShim.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactComponentTreeHookRollupShim.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactCurrentOwnerRollupShim.js
src/fb/ReactDOMFBEntry.js
src/fb/ReactDOMFiberFBEntry.js
src/fb/ReactFBEntry.js
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/children/flattenChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/traverseAllChildren.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactGlobalSharedState.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/flattenStackChildren.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/traverseStackChildren.js
src/test/ReactComponentTreeTestUtils.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/umd/ReactDOMServerUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactDOMUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactUMDEntry.js
src/umd/shims/ReactComponentTreeHookUMDShim.js
src/umd/shims/ReactCurrentOwnerUMDShim.js
src/umd/shims/ReactUMDShim.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
docs/docs/addons.md
docs/docs/components-and-props.md
docs/docs/composition-vs-inheritance.md
docs/docs/conditional-rendering.md
docs/docs/context.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactDebugCurrentFrameRollupShim.js
src/fb/ReactFBEntry.js
src/umd/ReactUMDEntry.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md
docs/docs/addons-animation.md
docs/docs/addons-create-fragment.md
docs/docs/addons-perf.md
docs/docs/addons-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/addons-shallow-compare.md
docs/docs/addons-shallow-renderer.md
docs/docs/addons-test-utils.md
docs/docs/addons-two-way-binding-helpers.md
docs/docs/addons-update.md
docs/docs/addons.md
docs/docs/components-and-props.md
docs/docs/composition-vs-inheritance.md
docs/docs/conditional-rendering.md
docs/docs/context.md
docs/docs/react-without-es6.md
docs/docs/reference-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md
docs/docs/reference-react.md
docs/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.md
docs/warnings/dont-call-proptypes.md
packages/react/README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/rollup/results.json
src/ReactVersion.js
yarn.lock

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStack.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/circleci/test_print_warnings.sh

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/rollup/modules.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/packaging/babel-standalone.html

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/art/package.json
fixtures/art/yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/results.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/print-warnings/print-warnings.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/print-warnings/print-warnings.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
scripts/circleci/test_print_warnings.sh
scripts/error-codes/dev-expression-with-codes.js
scripts/error-codes/extract-errors.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/print-warnings/README.md
scripts/print-warnings/print-warnings.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/shared/__tests__/evalToString-test.js
scripts/shared/evalToString.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/circleci/upload_build.sh

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
.babelrc
.flowconfig
Gruntfile.js
circle.yml
eslint-rules/__tests__/no-primitive-constructors-test.js
fixtures/art/.gitignore
fixtures/art/README.md
fixtures/art/VectorWidget.js
fixtures/art/app.js
fixtures/art/index.html
fixtures/art/package.json
fixtures/art/webpack.config.js
fixtures/art/yarn.lock
fixtures/dom/.gitignore
fixtures/dom/package.json
fixtures/dom/public/react-loader.js
fixtures/dom/yarn.lock
fixtures/fiber-debugger/package.json
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/App.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/Fibers.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/yarn.lock
fixtures/fiber-triangle/index.html
fixtures/packaging/README.md
fixtures/packaging/babel-standalone/dev.html
fixtures/packaging/browserify/dev/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/browserify/dev/index.html
fixtures/packaging/browserify/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/browserify/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/browserify/prod/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/browserify/prod/index.html
fixtures/packaging/browserify/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/browserify/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/app/initialize.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/config.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/index.html
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/brunch/package.json
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/app/initialize.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/config.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/index.html
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/build-all.js
fixtures/packaging/globals/dev.html
fixtures/packaging/globals/prod.html
fixtures/packaging/index.html
fixtures/packaging/requirejs/dev.html
fixtures/packaging/requirejs/prod.html
fixtures/packaging/rjs/config.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/dev/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/rjs/dev/config.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/dev/index.html
fixtures/packaging/rjs/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/rjs/prod/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/rjs/prod/config.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/prod/index.html
fixtures/packaging/rjs/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/config.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/dev/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/dev/build.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/dev/config.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/dev/index.html
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/prod/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/prod/build.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/prod/config.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/prod/index.html
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/systemjs/dev.html
fixtures/packaging/systemjs/prod.html
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/dev/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/dev/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/dev/index.html
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/prod/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/prod/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/prod/index.html
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/prod/package.json
fixtures/packaging/webpack/dev/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/webpack/dev/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/dev/index.html
fixtures/packaging/webpack/dev/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/dev/package.json
fixtures/packaging/webpack/prod/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/webpack/prod/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/prod/index.html
fixtures/packaging/webpack/prod/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/prod/package.json
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/config/compare_size.js
grunt/config/npm.js
grunt/data/header-template-short.txt
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/jest.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-dom.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-native.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-noop.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-test.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js
grunt/tasks/npm.js
grunt/tasks/release.js
gulp/tasks/eslint.js
gulp/tasks/flow.js
gulp/tasks/version-check.js
gulpfile.js
package.json
packages/react-art/README.md
packages/react-art/index.js
packages/react-art/package.json
packages/react-dom/index.js
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-dom/server.js
packages/react-native-renderer/README.md
packages/react-native-renderer/index.js
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/index.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/index.js
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/index.js
packages/react/package.json
packages/react/react.js
scripts/babel/transform-object-assign-require.js
scripts/circleci/build.sh
scripts/circleci/test_coverage.sh
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
scripts/circleci/test_extract_errors.sh
scripts/circleci/test_html_generation.sh
scripts/error-codes/Types.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/dev-expression-with-codes-test.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/evalToString-test.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/invertObject-test.js
scripts/error-codes/codes.json
scripts/error-codes/dev-expression-with-codes.js
scripts/error-codes/evalToString.js
scripts/error-codes/extract-errors.js
scripts/error-codes/invertObject.js
scripts/error-codes/print-warnings.js
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js
scripts/jest/environment.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/jest/setupSpecEquivalenceReporter.js
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
scripts/jest/ts-preprocessor.js
scripts/prettier/index.js
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md
scripts/release-manager/cli.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/docs-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/init.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-check-access.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-grant-access.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-publish.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/q.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/stable-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/start-release.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/utils/git.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/utils/npm.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/version.js
scripts/rollup/build.js
scripts/rollup/bundles.js
scripts/rollup/header.js
scripts/rollup/mangle.js
scripts/rollup/modules.js
scripts/rollup/packaging.js
scripts/rollup/plugins/sizes-plugin.js
scripts/rollup/results.json
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/DOMProperty.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/EventPluginHub.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/EventPluginUtils.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/EventPropagators.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/PooledClass.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactChildren.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactDOMInputSelection.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactDOMSelection.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactElement.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactErrorUtils.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactInputSelection.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactInstanceMap.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactPerf.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/ReactTestUtils.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/SyntheticUIEvent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/adler32.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/findDOMNode.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/flattenChildren.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getComponentName.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getEventCharCode.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getEventKey.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getEventTarget.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/isEventSupported.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/onlyChild.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/setInnerHTML.js
scripts/rollup/shims/facebook-www/setTextContent.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/PooledClass.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactDebugTool.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactErrorUtils.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/ReactPerf.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/TouchHistoryMath.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
scripts/rollup/shims/react-native/findNodeHandle.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/DevOnlyStubShim.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactCheckPropTypesRollupShim.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactComponentTreeHookRollupShim.js
scripts/rollup/shims/rollup/ReactCurrentOwnerRollupShim.js
scripts/rollup/stats.js
scripts/tasks/eslint.js
scripts/tasks/flow.js
scripts/tasks/jest.js
scripts/tasks/version-check.js
src/fb/ReactDOMFBEntry.js
src/fb/ReactDOMFiberFBEntry.js
src/fb/ReactFBEntry.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTStack.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
src/shared/utils/getComponentName.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/umd/ReactDOMUMDEntry.js
yarn.lock

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js

Author:Rahul Gupta 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Justin 
docs/contributing/design-principles.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/addons-two-way-binding-helpers.md

Author:Aaron Cannon 
docs/docs/uncontrolled-components.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
.eslintignore
.flowconfig
.gitignore
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md
docs/docs/web-components.md
examples/README.md
examples/basic-click-counter/index.html
examples/basic-commonjs/.babelrc
examples/basic-commonjs/README.md
examples/basic-commonjs/index.html
examples/basic-commonjs/index.js
examples/basic-commonjs/package.json
examples/basic-jsx-external/example.js
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/example.js
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/fiber/debugger/.env
examples/jquery-bootstrap/css/example.css
examples/jquery-bootstrap/index.html
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js
examples/jquery-mobile/README.md
examples/jquery-mobile/index.html
examples/jquery-mobile/js/app.js
examples/quadratic/example.js
examples/quadratic/index.html
examples/shared/css/base.css
examples/transitions/index.html
examples/transitions/transition.css
examples/webcomponents/index.html
fixtures/fiber-debugger/.env
fixtures/fiber-debugger/.gitignore
fixtures/fiber-debugger/README.md
fixtures/fiber-debugger/package.json
fixtures/fiber-debugger/public/favicon.ico
fixtures/fiber-debugger/public/index.html
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/App.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/Editor.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/Fibers.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/describeFibers.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/index.css
fixtures/fiber-debugger/src/index.js
fixtures/fiber-debugger/yarn.lock
fixtures/fiber-triangle/index.html
fixtures/packaging/babel-standalone.html

Author:Sasha Aickin 
Author:Andrey Marchenko 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js

Author:Sasha Aickin 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ViewportMetrics.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Andrey Marchenko 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
src/__mocks__/ExceptionsManager.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberErrorDialog.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStack.js
src/renderers/native/takeSnapshot.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/dom/shared/setInnerHTML.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/password-inputs/PasswordTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/password-inputs/index.js

Author:Damian Nicholson 
docs/docs/addons-animation.md
docs/docs/addons-create-fragment.md
docs/docs/addons-perf.md
docs/docs/addons-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/addons-shallow-compare.md
docs/docs/addons-test-utils.md
docs/docs/addons-two-way-binding-helpers.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactFiberHostContext-test.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/buttons/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/style.css

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sasha Aickin 
scripts/fiber/record-tests

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPropagators.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFeatureFlags.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
examples/fiber/index.html

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/NumberTestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/number-inputs/index.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Sasha Aickin 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Sasha Aickin 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Giamir Buoncristiani 
examples/fiber/index.html

Author:najisawas 
docs/contributing/implementation-notes.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Sasha Aickin 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Johan Tinglöf 
docs/docs/context.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStack.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js

Author:Bernard Lin 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Valentin Shergin 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixinUtils.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiberHostComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStack.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInjection.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js
docs/Rakefile
fixtures/packaging/README.md
fixtures/packaging/browserify/index.html
fixtures/packaging/browserify/input.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/app/initialize.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/index.html
fixtures/packaging/brunch/input.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/package.json
fixtures/packaging/globals.html
fixtures/packaging/requirejs.html
fixtures/packaging/rjs/config.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/index.html
fixtures/packaging/rjs/input.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/config.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/index.html
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/input.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs.html
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/index.html
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/index.html
fixtures/packaging/webpack/input.js
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js
grunt/tasks/release.js
gulp/tasks/version-check.js
gulpfile.js
packages/jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/.gitignore
packages/jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/README.md
packages/jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/package.json
packages/jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/run.js
packages/jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/transforms/react.js
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-linked-input/LinkedInput.js
packages/react-linked-input/README.md
packages/react-linked-input/__test__/LinkedInput-test.js
packages/react-linked-input/package.json
scripts/circleci/upload_build.sh
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/release-manager/commands/utils/npm.js
src/addons/ReactAddonsDOMDependencies.js
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/shallowCompare.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/update.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
src/umd/ReactDOMUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactWithAddonsUMDEntry.js
src/umd/shims/ReactAddonsDOMDependenciesUMDShim.js

Author:CodinCat 
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Sasha Aickin 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
.flowconfig
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/prettier/index.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/prettier/index.js
scripts/prettier/runCommand.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh

Author:Andrew Clark 
package.json
scripts/prettier/index.js
scripts/prettier/runCommand.js

Author:Jamison Dance 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:James Long 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
.eslintrc.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/Transaction.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/Transaction.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/__mocks__/InitializeCore.js
src/__mocks__/deepDiffer.js
src/__mocks__/deepFreezeAndThrowOnMutationInDev.js
src/__mocks__/flattenStyle.js
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/shallowCompare.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/update.js
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/React-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/onlyChild.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDOMFactories.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactBaseClasses.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTStack.js
src/renderers/art/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/__mocks__/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/inputValueTracking.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/setInnerHTML.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/setTextContent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ViewportMetrics.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getEventKey.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getEventModifierState.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/isEventSupported.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMStackInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStack.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStack.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactCoroutine.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactPortal.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactInvalidSetStateWarningHook.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactInstanceMap.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/PluginModuleType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactControlledComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/TouchHistoryMath.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/getContextForSubtree.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/CallbackQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactHostComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/Transaction.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/adler32-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/accumulate.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/accumulateInto.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/adler32.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/isTextInputElement.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/validateCallback.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiber.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestMount.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestRendererStack.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestTextComponent.js
src/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js
src/shared/utils/KeyEscapeUtils.js
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js
src/shared/utils/ReactElementSymbol.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.js
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/shared/utils/getComponentName.js
src/shared/utils/getIteratorFn.js
src/shared/utils/reactProdInvariant.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
src/test/ReactComponentTreeTestUtils.js
src/test/ReactShallowRenderer.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/umd/ReactUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactWithAddonsUMDEntry.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
package.json

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
package.json

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Bernard Lin 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/release-manager/commands/version.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
gulpfile.js

Author:Adam 
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/circleci/build_gh_pages.sh

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/record-tests

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugFiberPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/__snapshots__/ReactIncrementalPerf-test.js.snap

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Vincent Taing 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/shared/ReactFiberComponentTreeHook.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/umd/ReactUMDEntry.js

Author:jddxf 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/sliceChildren.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/addons/link/ReactStateSetters.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dima Beznos 
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Sasha Aickin 
package.json
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/error-codes/print-warnings.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/umd/ReactUMDEntry.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
flow/environment.js
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
flow/environment.js
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js

Author:Sunny Ripert 
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md

Author:Jason Quense 
fixtures/dom/package.json
fixtures/dom/src/components/Fixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/FixtureSet.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/TestCase.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/InputPlaceholderFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RadioClickFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/RangeKeyboardFixture.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/input-change-events/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/propTypes.js
fixtures/dom/src/style.css
fixtures/dom/src/tags.js
fixtures/dom/yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
gulpfile.js
package.json
scripts/circleci/test_extract_errors.sh
scripts/error-codes/print-warnings.js
yarn.lock

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Vesa Laakso 
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md
docs/img/docs/react-devtools-state.gif

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Sasha Aickin 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMServerIntegration-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/validateCallback.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js

Author:Bryan Braun 
docs/_js/anchor-links.js
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/_plugins/header_links.rb
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Dominic Gannaway 
Author:Fokke Zandbergen 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Andrew Clark 
eslint-rules/__tests__/no-primitive-constructors-test.js
eslint-rules/no-primitive-constructors.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
eslint-rules/no-primitive-constructors.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
eslint-rules/no-primitive-constructors.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
.eslintrc.js
eslint-rules/index.js
eslint-rules/no-primitive-constructors.js
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/validateCallback.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
gulpfile.js
src/addons/ReactAddonsDOMDependencies.js
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/addons/shallowCompare.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/update.js
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/React-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/onlyChild.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/React.d.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactBaseClasses.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactDOM.d.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/node_modules/README.md
src/node_modules/react-dom/index.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/ReactDOM.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/ReactDOMServer.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/ReactInstanceMap.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/ReactPerf.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/ReactTestUtils.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/lib/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
src/node_modules/react-dom/server.js
src/node_modules/react/index.js
src/node_modules/react/lib/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/node_modules/react/lib/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/node_modules/react/lib/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/node_modules/react/lib/checkPropTypes.js
src/renderers/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTStack.js
src/renderers/art/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/setInnerHTML.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/setTextContent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/AutoFocusUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/isEventSupported.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStack.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactInvalidSetStateWarningHook.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactControlledComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/getContextForSubtree.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/CallbackQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactHostComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactNodeTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/Transaction.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/accumulate.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/accumulateInto.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/validateCallback.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiber.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestMount.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestRendererStack.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
src/test/ReactComponentTreeTestUtils.js
src/test/ReactShallowRenderer.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/umd/ReactDOMUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactWithAddonsUMDEntry.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
.eslintrc.js
eslint-rules/boolean-and-string-constructors.js
eslint-rules/index.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.eslintrc.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
.eslintignore
gulpfile.js
package.json
src/__mocks__/vendor/third_party/WebComponents.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Bernard Lin 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactDebugLifeCycle.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactDebugLifeCycle.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactDebugLifeCycle.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/record-tests

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Neo 
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json

Author:Andrew Clark 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Maxwel D'souza 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:mdogadailo 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Dai Nguyen 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
gulpfile.js
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkPropTypes.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDebugCurrentFrame.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkPropTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkPropTypes.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkPropTypes.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkPropTypes.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
Author:Dominic Gannaway 
Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactBaseClasses.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Stephie 
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
examples/fiber/debugger/package.json
examples/fiber/debugger/src/index.js
examples/fiber/debugger/yarn.lock

Author:Michał Pierzchała 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactBaseClasses.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md

Author:Roman Matusevich 
docs/docs/reference-react.md

Author:DanZeuss 
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js

Author:Dimzel Sobolev 
packages/react-dom/fiber.js
packages/react-dom/index.js
packages/react-test-renderer/fiber.js
packages/react-test-renderer/index.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.babelrc
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/addons-perf.md
docs/downloads/perf-tutorial.html
docs/img/docs/react-perf.png

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js

Author:Phil Rajchgot 
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:Sean Gransee 
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_linear-positions-parser.scss
fixtures/dom/public/react-loader.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/invertObject-test.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/shared/ReactElementType.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-11-16-react-v15.4.0.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:BDav24 
docs/_posts/2016-11-16-react-v15.4.0.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/CallbackQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/validateCallback.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Jiminikiz 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Prayag Verma 
docs/contributing/design-principles.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/React-test.js

Author:Moacir Rosa 
docs/docs/introducing-jsx.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/utils/validateCallback.js

Author:Leland Richardson 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiber.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestMount.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/__mocks__/InitializeCore.js
src/__mocks__/RCTEventEmitter.js
src/__mocks__/TextInputState.js
src/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/__mocks__/View.js
src/__mocks__/deepDiffer.js
src/__mocks__/deepFreezeAndThrowOnMutationInDev.js
src/__mocks__/flattenStyle.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFeatureFlags.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/__tests__/refs-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypesSecret.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Dhyey Thakore 
docs/docs/addons-perf.md
docs/downloads/perf-tutorial.html
docs/img/docs/react-perf.png

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Jon Bretman 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js

Author:KB 
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md

Author:António Nuno Monteiro 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Dmitry Zhuravlev-Nevsky 
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Diego Muracciole 
docs/docs/reference-events.md
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventConstants.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactBaseClasses.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactPureComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js

Author:Pontus Abrahamsson 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Omid Hezaveh 
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Eduard 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Tiago Fernandez 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Jeffrey Wan 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:John Longanecker 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js

Author:Marius Skaar Ludvigsen 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventConstants.js

Author:Richie Thomas 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Vladimir Kovpak 
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js

Author:Roman Liutikov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Senin Roman 
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js

Author:Maksim Shastsel 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js

Author:MICHAEL JACKSON 
docs/docs/context.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js

Author:Zac Braddy 
grunt/config/browserify.js
scripts/release-manager/cli.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/docs-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/stable-prs.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js

Author:Frank Yan 
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPropagators.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberDevToolsHook.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/basic-click-counter/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/jquery-bootstrap/index.html
examples/quadratic/index.html
examples/transitions/index.html
examples/webcomponents/index.html

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Mitchel Humpherys 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactReifiedYield.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactCoroutine.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:jddxf 
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/shared/utils/forEachAccumulated.js

Author:lokson 
src/renderers/shared/utils/forEachAccumulated.js

Author:Scott 
docs/docs/addons-perf.md

Author:Oscar Bolmsten 
docs/_posts/2016-11-16-react-v15.4.0.md
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Edvin Erikson 
src/shared/utils/getComponentName.js

Author:Edvin Erikson 
src/shared/utils/getComponentName.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/shared/utils/getComponentName.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/isomorphic/React.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/isomorphic/__tests__/React-test.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/isomorphic/React.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/shared/utils/getComponentName.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
docs/docs/forms.md

Author:mguidotto 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:OJ Kwon 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/forms.md

Author:Justin Grant 
docs/docs/introducing-jsx.md

Author:Ragnar Þór Valgeirsson 
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:SunHuawei 
docs/_posts/2016-07-13-mixins-considered-harmful.md

Author:Mark Pedrotti 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiber.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestRendererStack.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
examples/fiber/index.html
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFrameScheduling.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactControlledComponent.js

Author:EugeneGarbuzov 
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiber.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
grunt/config/browserify.js
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Keyan Zhang 
docs/docs/forms.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.eslintignore
.flowconfig

Author:Rohan Nair 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Faheel Ahmad 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:DQNEO 
docs/docs/introducing-jsx.md

Author:Jack Cross 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Rich Harris 
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
examples/fiber/debugger/src/Fibers.js
examples/fiber/debugger/yarn.lock

Author:Superlaziness 
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md

Author:Tom Gasson 
scripts/fiber/record-tests

Author:Eric Churchill 
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js

Author:Vladimir Tikunov 
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorLogger.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Iurii Kucherov 
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Piper Chester 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Diego Muracciole 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
examples/fiber/debugger/src/App.js
examples/fiber/debugger/src/Fibers.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
examples/fiber/debugger/.env
examples/fiber/debugger/.gitignore
examples/fiber/debugger/package.json
examples/fiber/debugger/src/App.js
examples/fiber/debugger/src/Fibers.js
examples/fiber/debugger/src/describeFibers.js
examples/fiber/debugger/src/index.js
examples/fiber/debugger/yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md

Author:Whien 
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:俞火江 
scripts/jest/ts-preprocessor.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js

Author:Liangzhen Zhu 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/CallbackQueue.js

Author:Snowmanzzz(Zhengzhong Zhao) 
docs/docs/handling-events.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Dustan Kasten 
package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/fiber.js
packages/react-test-renderer/index.js
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRendererFiber.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestMount.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestRendererStack.js
src/renderers/testing/stack/ReactTestTextComponent.js
yarn.lock

Author:Piper Chester 
examples/webcomponents/index.html

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Tomáš Hromada 
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/release-manager/commands/version.js

Author:Dmitry Zhuravlev-Nevsky 
docs/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.md

Author:Spen Taylor 
docs/docs/reference-react.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json

Author:Dmitry Zhuravlev-Nevsky 
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Brandon Dail 
Author:Dustan Kasten 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactReifiedYield.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponentTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceType.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/packaging/README.md

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/config.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/dom/package.json
fixtures/packaging/README.md
fixtures/packaging/browserify/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/browserify/index.html
fixtures/packaging/browserify/input.js
fixtures/packaging/browserify/package.json
fixtures/packaging/brunch/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/brunch/app/initialize.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/config.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/index.html
fixtures/packaging/brunch/input.js
fixtures/packaging/brunch/package.json
fixtures/packaging/build-all.js
fixtures/packaging/globals.html
fixtures/packaging/requirejs.html
fixtures/packaging/rjs/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/rjs/config.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/index.html
fixtures/packaging/rjs/input.js
fixtures/packaging/rjs/package.json
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/build.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/config.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/index.html
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/input.js
fixtures/packaging/systemjs-builder/package.json
fixtures/packaging/systemjs.html
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/index.html
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack-alias/package.json
fixtures/packaging/webpack/.gitignore
fixtures/packaging/webpack/config.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/index.html
fixtures/packaging/webpack/input.js
fixtures/packaging/webpack/package.json

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js

Author:Richie Thomas 
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md

Author:Stuart Harris 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Nik Nyby 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Jirat Ki 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Bruno Heridet 
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
.gitignore
fixtures/dom/public/react-dom.js
fixtures/dom/public/react.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/range-inputs/README.md
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/README.md
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/textareas/README.md

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/browserify/.gitignore
fixtures/browserify/index.html
fixtures/browserify/input.js
fixtures/browserify/package.json
fixtures/brunch/.gitignore
fixtures/brunch/app/initialize.js
fixtures/brunch/config.js
fixtures/brunch/index.html
fixtures/brunch/input.js
fixtures/brunch/package.json
fixtures/build-all.js
fixtures/globals.html
fixtures/requirejs.html
fixtures/rjs/.gitignore
fixtures/rjs/config.js
fixtures/rjs/index.html
fixtures/rjs/input.js
fixtures/rjs/package.json
fixtures/systemjs-builder/.gitignore
fixtures/systemjs-builder/build.js
fixtures/systemjs-builder/config.js
fixtures/systemjs-builder/index.html
fixtures/systemjs-builder/input.js
fixtures/systemjs-builder/package.json
fixtures/systemjs.html
fixtures/webpack-alias/.gitignore
fixtures/webpack-alias/config.js
fixtures/webpack-alias/index.html
fixtures/webpack-alias/input.js
fixtures/webpack-alias/package.json
fixtures/webpack/.gitignore
fixtures/webpack/config.js
fixtures/webpack/index.html
fixtures/webpack/input.js
fixtures/webpack/package.json

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/package.json

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/README.md

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/dom/.gitignore
fixtures/dom/README.md
fixtures/dom/package.json
fixtures/dom/public/favicon.ico
fixtures/dom/public/index.html
fixtures/dom/public/react-loader.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/App.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/range-inputs/README.md
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/range-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/README.md
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/README.md
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/textareas/README.md
fixtures/dom/src/components/fixtures/textareas/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/index.js
fixtures/dom/src/style.css
fixtures/dom/yarn.lock

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/textareas/index.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/public/react-loader.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/textareas/index.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/src/components/Header.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/src/components/App.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/textareas/index.js
fixtures/src/style.css
fixtures/src/styles/TextInputs.css

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/public/react-loader.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/index.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/range-inputs/index.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/textareas/index.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/index.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/.gitignore
fixtures/package.json

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/public/react-loader.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/src/components/RangeInputs.js
fixtures/src/components/TextInputs.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/.gitignore
fixtures/package.json
fixtures/public/favicon.ico
fixtures/public/index.html
fixtures/public/react-loader.js
fixtures/range-inputs/index.html
fixtures/selects/index.html
fixtures/src/components/App.js
fixtures/src/components/Header.js
fixtures/src/components/RangeInputs.js
fixtures/src/components/TextInputs.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/index.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/range-inputs/README.md
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/range-inputs/index.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/selects/README.md
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/selects/index.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/README.md
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/text-inputs/index.js
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/textareas/README.md
fixtures/src/components/fixtures/textareas/index.js
fixtures/src/index.js
fixtures/src/styles/App.css
fixtures/src/styles/TextInputs.css
fixtures/test.html
fixtures/text-inputs/index.html
fixtures/textareas/index.html
fixtures/yarn.lock

Author:Brandon Dail 
fixtures/selects/index.html
fixtures/textareas/index.html

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/react-loader.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/text-inputs/README.md

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
fixtures/range-inputs/README.md
fixtures/range-inputs/index.html
fixtures/react-loader.js
fixtures/selects/README.md
fixtures/selects/index.html
fixtures/test.html
fixtures/text-inputs/README.md
fixtures/text-inputs/index.html
fixtures/textareas/README.md
fixtures/textareas/index.html

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
examples/basic/index.html
fixtures/dom/public/react-dom.js
fixtures/dom/public/react.js
fixtures/inputs/README.md
fixtures/inputs/index.html
fixtures/react-loader.js
fixtures/test.html

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
examples/inputs/README.md

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
examples/inputs/README.md
examples/inputs/index.html
examples/react-loader.js
examples/test.html

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
examples/react-loader.js
examples/test.html

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
examples/react-loader.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
examples/basic/index.html
examples/react-loader.js
examples/test.html

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Brandon Dail 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Murtaza Haveliwala 
docs/docs/rendering-elements.md

Author:Murtaza Haveliwala 
docs/docs/hello-world.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release-manager/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/release-manager/commands/stable-prs.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-publish.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/commands/stable-prs.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/commands/version.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
scripts/release-manager/commands/docs-prs.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
scripts/release-manager/cli.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
scripts/release-manager/cli.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
scripts/release-manager/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/commands/stable-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/cli.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/docs-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/stable-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/utils/git.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/version.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/cli.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/start-release.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/utils/git.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/commands/init.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md
scripts/release-manager/cli.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/init.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-publish.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/version.js
scripts/release-manager/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/commands/utils/npm.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/version.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/cli.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-check-access.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-grant-access.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/utils/npm.js
scripts/release-manager/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
scripts/release-manager/.eslintrc.js
scripts/release-manager/cli.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/docs-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/init.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-publish.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/q.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/stable-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/version.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md
scripts/release-manager/cli.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/npm-publish.js
scripts/release-manager/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/cli.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/commands/stable-prs.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/cli.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/version.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/release-manager/.gitignore
scripts/release-manager/Readme.md
scripts/release-manager/cli.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/docs-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/init.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/q.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/stable-prs.js
scripts/release-manager/commands/version.js
scripts/release-manager/package.json

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
fixtures/README.md
fixtures/browserify/.gitignore
fixtures/browserify/index.html
fixtures/browserify/input.js
fixtures/browserify/package.json
fixtures/brunch/.gitignore
fixtures/brunch/app/initialize.js
fixtures/brunch/config.js
fixtures/brunch/index.html
fixtures/brunch/input.js
fixtures/brunch/package.json
fixtures/build-all.js
fixtures/globals.html
fixtures/requirejs.html
fixtures/rjs/.gitignore
fixtures/rjs/config.js
fixtures/rjs/index.html
fixtures/rjs/input.js
fixtures/rjs/package.json
fixtures/systemjs-builder/.gitignore
fixtures/systemjs-builder/build.js
fixtures/systemjs-builder/config.js
fixtures/systemjs-builder/index.html
fixtures/systemjs-builder/input.js
fixtures/systemjs-builder/package.json
fixtures/systemjs.html
fixtures/webpack-alias/.gitignore
fixtures/webpack-alias/config.js
fixtures/webpack-alias/index.html
fixtures/webpack-alias/input.js
fixtures/webpack-alias/package.json
fixtures/webpack/.gitignore
fixtures/webpack/config.js
fixtures/webpack/index.html
fixtures/webpack/input.js
fixtures/webpack/package.json
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/addons/ReactAddonsDOMDependencies.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/umd/ReactDOMUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactWithAddonsUMDEntry.js
src/umd/shims/ReactAddonsDOMDependenciesUMDShim.js

Author:Piotr Czajkowski 
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md

Author:Piotr Czajkowski 
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Gruntfile.js
README.md
grunt/config/compress.js
grunt/tasks/release.js
package.json
starter/README.md
yarn.lock

Author:Andre Giron 
docs/_posts/2016-09-28-our-first-50000-stars.md

Author:Joel Sequeira 
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Mateusz Burzyński 
docs/docs/addons-animation.md

Author:Van der Auwermeulen Grégoire 
docs/docs/state-and-lifecycle.md

Author:Devinsuit 
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md

Author:Mojtaba Dashtinejad 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/react-without-es6.md

Author:Karthik Chintapalli 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/validateCallback.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:neeldeep 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Whien 
examples/fiber/index.html

Author:Sean Smith 
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:gitanupam 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:gitanupam 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:jddxf 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Eric Pitcher 
docs/docs/conditional-rendering.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/KeyEscapeUtils-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStack.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStack.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStack.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStack.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStack.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStack.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/jest/environment.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
.flowconfig
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:dfrownfelter 
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
examples/fiber/index.html
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
examples/fiber/index.html
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalUpdates-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactDebugCurrentFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/getCurrentOwnerName.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/shared/ReactTypeOfWork.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeFiber.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStack.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeViewConfigRegistry.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/ReactNative.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Gaëtan Renaudeau 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/circleci/test_coverage.sh

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/InitializeCore.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
gulpfile.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInjection.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:comerc 
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Chris 
docs/docs/react-without-es6.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberHostContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Charlie Garcia 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/art/ReactART.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTFiber.js
src/renderers/art/ReactARTStack.js
src/renderers/art/__tests__/ReactART-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Liz 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
circle.yml
scripts/circleci/test_entry_point.sh
scripts/circleci/test_extract_errors.sh

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Brian Vaughn 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Tom Occhino 
circle.yml

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js

Author:Tom Occhino 
README.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/circleci/upload_build.sh

Author:Tom Occhino 
circle.yml
grunt/tasks/jest.js
scripts/circleci/build_gh_pages.sh
scripts/circleci/set_up_github_keys.sh
scripts/circleci/test_coverage.sh
scripts/circleci/test_fiber.sh
scripts/circleci/test_html_generation.sh
scripts/circleci/track_stats.sh
scripts/circleci/upload_build.sh
scripts/fiber/record-tests

Author:Brandon Dail 
Author:Brandon Dail 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js

Author:lucas 
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Jacob Lamont 
docs/docs/reference-react.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfWork.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js

Author:Kurt Weiberth 
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactOwner.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js

Author:cloudy1 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/higher-order-components.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/shared/utils/getIteratorFn.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactControlledComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/shared/createMicrosoftUnsafeLocalFunction.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/setInnerHTML.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/setTextContent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/refs-test.js

Author:Daniela Borges 
examples/fiber/debugger/src/describeFibers.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/ReactErrorUtils-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.flowconfig
package.json
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js

Author:Fatih 
docs/warnings/refs-must-have-owner.md

Author:brillout 
docs/community/videos.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactGenericBatching.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInputSelection.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInputSelection.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js

Author:Benoit Girard 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactInvalidSetStateWarningHook.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactPortal.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactTypes.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/shared/getContextForSubtree.js

Author:Richard Maisano 
docs/docs/reference-dom-elements.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/getContextForSubtree.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/js/react.js

Author:Linus Unnebäck 
docs/js/react.js

Author:Mikhail Osher 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Simen Bekkhus 
docs/docs/reference-pure-render-mixin.md

Author:Robin Ricard 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMStackInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js

Author:Evan Scott 
grunt/tasks/jest.js
package.json
scripts/fiber/record-tests
yarn.lock

Author:Michael Sinov 
docs/docs/react-without-es6.md

Author:Tom Occhino 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/test/ReactComponentTreeTestUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/state-and-lifecycle.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/inputValueTracking.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/inputValueTracking.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactControlledComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Shubheksha Jalan 
docs/docs/state-and-lifecycle.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/introducing-jsx.md

Author:Shubheksha Jalan 
docs/docs/introducing-jsx.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-11-16-react-v15.4.0.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/getCurrentOwnerName.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiberComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberInput.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberOption.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/wrappers/ReactDOMFiberTextarea.js

Author:Nolan Lawson 
docs/_posts/2016-11-16-react-v15.4.0.md

Author:Tom Occhino 
.eslintrc.js
.travis.yml
package.json
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
yarn.lock

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js

Author:Kevin Lacker 
docs/docs/uncontrolled-components.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-11-16-react-v15.4.0.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/forms.md
docs/docs/uncontrolled-components.md

Author:Kevin Lacker 
docs/_includes/navigation.html

Author:Marcy Sutton 
docs/docs/forms.md

Author:Dave Voyles 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Tanner 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:tomocchino 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-15.4.0.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:tomocchino 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-11-16-react-v15.4.0.md
docs/img/blog/react-perf-chrome-timeline.png

Author:Tom Occhino 
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/PluginModuleType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
Author:Brandon Dail 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberContext.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Anastasia A 
docs/docs/reference-react-dom.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
.eslintrc.js
package.json
scripts/fiber/record-tests
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing-except-dev.txt
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js

Author:yuntao.qyt 
docs/docs/web-components.md

Author:Ankeet Maini 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Samuel Scheiderich 
docs/community/support.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactControlledComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactGenericBatching.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Michele Bertoli 
docs/docs/addons-test-utils.md

Author:Brandon Dail 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.flowconfig
package.json
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js

Author:Eoin Hennessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js

Author:Shuhei Kagawa 
docs/contributing/implementation-notes.md

Author:Satoshi Nakajima 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Arni Fannar 
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md

Author:Guilherme Oenning 
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md

Author:jddxf 
gulp/tasks/eslint.js
gulp/tasks/flow.js

Author:Ville Immonen 
docs/docs/web-components.md

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactGenericBatching.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Kevin Lacker 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/forms.md
docs/docs/uncontrolled-components.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Samer Buna 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Nate 
docs/docs/addons-test-utils.md

Author:Keyan Zhang 
gulpfile.js
scripts/error-codes/README.md
scripts/error-codes/codes.json

Author:iurii kucherov 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/PluginModuleType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Kevin Lacker 
docs/docs/addons-animation.md
docs/docs/components-and-props.md
docs/docs/forms.md
docs/docs/handling-events.md
docs/docs/hello-world.md
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md
docs/docs/reference-dom-elements.md
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md
docs/docs/reference-react.md
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Robert Haritonov 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/PluginModuleType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactControlledComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml
package.json
scripts/fiber/record-tests
yarn.lock

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/record-tests

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js

Author:Robin Ricard 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Alex Baumgertner 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Robin Ricard 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Martin Hochel 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalErrorHandling-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorBoundary.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactPriorityLevel.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Brent Vatne 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Tetsuharu OHZEKI 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalScheduling-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml
package.json
scripts/fiber/record-tests
scripts/fiber/tests-failing.txt
scripts/fiber/tests-passing.txt
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js

Author:Yura Chuchola 
docs/docs/forms.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/addons/link/LinkedStateMixin.js
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ReactControlledValuePropTypes.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Damien Soulard 
docs/warnings/unknown-prop.md

Author:Skasi 
docs/docs/state-and-lifecycle.md

Author:bel3atar 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
src/shared/utils/getComponentName.js

Author:Robin Ricard 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Lee Sanghyeon 
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md

Author:Maksim Shastsel 
package.json

Author:Andrew Lo 
docs/community/support.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Gant Laborde 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:mfijas 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberErrorBoundary.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMStackInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInjection.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactGenericBatching.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Eugene 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Rick Beerendonk 
docs/community/conferences.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/CallbackQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/Transaction.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/Transaction-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/addons-animation.md

Author:Ivan Zotov 
docs/img/tutorial/devtools.png

Author:Andreas Möller 
docs/docs/conditional-rendering.md
docs/docs/introducing-jsx.md
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/conditional-rendering.md
docs/docs/forms.md
docs/docs/lists-and-keys.md

Author:Ivan Zotov 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Varun Bhuvanendran 
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Lewis Blackwood 
docs/docs/introducing-jsx.md

Author:Josh Perez 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/shared/utils/getNextDebugID.js
src/test/ReactShallowRenderer.js

Author:王晓勇 
docs/docs/forms.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/forms.md
docs/docs/reference-events.md

Author:Eric Nakagawa 
docs/docs/forms.md

Author:Eric Nakagawa 
docs/docs/forms.md

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Alex Katopodis 
docs/docs/reconciliation.md

Author:Lutz Rosema 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Jae Hun Lee 
docs/docs/lists-and-keys.md

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/docs/addons-test-utils.md
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeInjection.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/__tests__/ReactTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalReflection-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberTreeReflection.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/DOMEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/eventPlugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/inputValueTracking.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/AutoFocusUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/ViewportMetrics.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getEventCharCode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getEventKey.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getEventModifierState.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getEventTarget.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/utils/isEventSupported.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMStackInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/createMicrosoftUnsafeLocalFunction.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/setInnerHTML.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/setTextContent.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/ReactServerUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/dom/stack/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventConstants.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/PluginModuleType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/TouchHistoryMath.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Gruntfile.js
examples/fiber/debugger/.gitignore
examples/fiber/debugger/README.md
examples/fiber/debugger/package.json
examples/fiber/debugger/public/favicon.ico
examples/fiber/debugger/public/index.html
examples/fiber/debugger/src/App.js
examples/fiber/debugger/src/Editor.js
examples/fiber/debugger/src/Fibers.js
examples/fiber/debugger/src/describeFibers.js
examples/fiber/debugger/src/index.css
examples/fiber/debugger/src/index.js
examples/fiber/debugger/yarn.lock
grunt/tasks/npm-react-noop.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-test.js
gulpfile.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/README.md
packages/react-noop-renderer/index.js
packages/react-noop-renderer/package.json
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberInstrumentation.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/DOMEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServer.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMStackInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeStackInjection.js
src/test/ReactShallowRenderer.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInjection.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sergey Rubanov 
package.json

Author:Constantin Gavrilete 
docs/docs/reconciliation.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Antti Ahti 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypesProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypesSecret.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Marcio Puga 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Ashish 
docs/docs/reference-react.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/reference-react.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/context.md

Author:Andrew Poliakov 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Alireza Mostafizi 
docs/docs/handling-events.md

Author:William Hoffmann 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Giuseppe 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Jason Grlicky 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Jun Kim 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Diego Muracciole 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactHostComponent.js

Author:Phil Quinn 
docs/contributing/implementation-notes.md

Author:Brad Vogel 
README.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
docs/docs/hello-world.md

Author:Oskari Mantere 
docs/docs/addons-animation.md
docs/docs/addons-create-fragment.md
docs/docs/addons-test-utils.md
docs/docs/addons-update.md
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md
docs/docs/react-without-jsx.md
docs/docs/reference-events.md
docs/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.md
docs/docs/web-components.md

Author:Avinash Kondeti 
CHANGELOG.md
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/onlyChild.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js

Author:Jun Kim 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Taeho Kim 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Nathan Hardy 
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/reconciliation.md

Author:Cody Reichert 
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md

Author:Ragnar Þór Valgeirsson 
docs/docs/lists-and-keys.md

Author:BEAUDRU Manuel 
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/docs/components-and-props.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/docs/react-without-jsx.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md
docs/docs/components-and-props.md
docs/docs/composition-vs-inheritance.md
docs/docs/conditional-rendering.md
docs/docs/forms.md
docs/docs/hello-world.md
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md
docs/docs/reference-dom-elements.md
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md
docs/docs/reference-react.md
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md
docs/docs/rendering-elements.md
docs/docs/state-and-lifecycle.md
docs/docs/web-components.md
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_includes/navigation.html
docs/docs/hello-world.md
docs/docs/installation.md

Author:Kevin Lacker 
.gitignore
docs/README.md
docs/_config.yml
docs/_data/nav_community.yml
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/_data/nav_tips.yml
docs/_data/nav_tutorial.yml
docs/_includes/footer.html
docs/_includes/hero.html
docs/_includes/nav_community.html
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/_includes/nav_tutorial.html
docs/_includes/navigation.html
docs/_layouts/community.html
docs/_layouts/contributing.html
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/_layouts/docs.html
docs/_layouts/hero.html
docs/_layouts/post.html
docs/_layouts/tips.html
docs/_layouts/tutorial.html
docs/_plugins/sidebar_item.rb
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-3-community-roundup-9.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-06-community-roundup-10.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-18-community-roundup-11.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-30-community-roundup-13.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-02-react-chrome-developer-tools.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-05-community-roundup-15.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-15-community-roundup-16.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-24-community-roundup-17.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-14-community-roundup-18.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md
docs/_posts/2014-06-27-community-roundup-19.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md
docs/_posts/2014-08-03-community-roundup-21.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-12-community-round-up-22.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-17-community-roundup-23.md
docs/_posts/2014-11-25-community-roundup-24.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-20-introducing-relay-and-graphql.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-04-community-roundup-25.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-30-community-roundup-26.md
docs/_posts/2015-05-22-react-native-release-process.md
docs/_posts/2015-08-13-reacteurope-roundup.md
docs/community/complementary-tools.it-IT.md
docs/community/complementary-tools.ko-KR.md
docs/community/complementary-tools.md
docs/community/complementary-tools.zh-CN.md
docs/community/conferences.it-IT.md
docs/community/conferences.ko-KR.md
docs/community/conferences.md
docs/community/conferences.zh-CN.md
docs/community/examples.it-IT.md
docs/community/examples.ko-KR.md
docs/community/examples.md
docs/community/examples.zh-CN.md
docs/community/support.md
docs/community/videos.it-IT.md
docs/community/videos.ko-KR.md
docs/community/videos.md
docs/community/videos.zh-CN.md
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md
docs/contributing/design-principles.md
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md
docs/contributing/implementation-notes.md
docs/css/react.scss
docs/docs/01-why-react.de-DE.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.it-IT.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-TW.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-TW.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.it-IT.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.it-IT.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.it-IT.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.it-IT.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/07-forms.it-IT.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/07-forms.md
docs/docs/07-forms.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.it-IT.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.it-IT.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.it-IT.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/09.1-language-tooling.md
docs/docs/09.2-package-management.md
docs/docs/09.3-environments.md
docs/docs/10-addons.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10-addons.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10-addons.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10-addons.md
docs/docs/10-addons.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.10-shallow-compare.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.it-IT.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/12-context.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/12-context.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/addons-animation.md
docs/docs/addons-create-fragment.md
docs/docs/addons-perf.md
docs/docs/addons-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/addons-shallow-compare.md
docs/docs/addons-test-utils.md
docs/docs/addons-two-way-binding-helpers.md
docs/docs/addons-update.md
docs/docs/addons.md
docs/docs/components-and-props.md
docs/docs/composition-vs-inheritance.md
docs/docs/conditional-rendering.md
docs/docs/context.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.it-IT.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.it-IT.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/forms.md
docs/docs/getting-started.it-IT.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/handling-events.md
docs/docs/hello-world.md
docs/docs/installation.md
docs/docs/introducing-jsx.md
docs/docs/jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/lifting-state-up.md
docs/docs/lists-and-keys.md
docs/docs/optimizing-performance.md
docs/docs/react-without-es6.md
docs/docs/react-without-jsx.md
docs/docs/reconciliation.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md
docs/docs/ref-09-webcomponents.md
docs/docs/ref-09-webcomponents.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/reference-dom-elements.md
docs/docs/reference-events.md
docs/docs/reference-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/reference-react-component.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom-server.md
docs/docs/reference-react-dom.md
docs/docs/reference-react.md
docs/docs/refs-and-the-dom.md
docs/docs/rendering-elements.md
docs/docs/state-and-lifecycle.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.it-IT.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.md
docs/docs/videos.md
docs/docs/web-components.md
docs/downloads.md
docs/downloads/single-file-example.html
docs/img/docs/granular-dom-updates.gif
docs/img/docs/react-devtools-state.gif
docs/img/logo_small.png
docs/img/logo_small_2x.png
docs/img/logo_small_gray.png
docs/img/logo_small_gray_2x.png
docs/img/oss_logo.png
docs/img/tutorial/devtools.png
docs/img/tutorial/tictac-empty.png
docs/img/tutorial/tictac-numbers.png
docs/index.md
docs/tips/01-introduction.ja-JP.md
docs/tips/01-introduction.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/01-introduction.md
docs/tips/01-introduction.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.md
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.ja-JP.md
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.md
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.md
docs/tips/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.md
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/tips/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.zh-CN.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.md
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.md
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.md
docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/__tests__/ReactDOMFiber-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
yarn.lock

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeEvents-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelText-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.flowconfig
package.json
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceType.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/ReactSyntheticEventType.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
Author:Piper Chester 
docs/contributing/design-principles.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberClassComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfSideEffect.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactReifiedYield.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactTopLevelFragment-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactCoroutine.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestTextComponent.js
src/test/ReactShallowRenderer.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
.flowconfig

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js
src/test/ReactShallowRenderer.js

Author:Héctor Ramos 
docs/README.md

Author:Héctor Ramos 
docs/README.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/addons/shallowCompare.js
src/renderers/dom/client/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceType.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/downloads/react-15.4.0-rc.3.zip

Author:Héctor Ramos 
docs/README.md

Author:Dustan Kasten 
gulpfile.js

Author:CT Wu 
docs/contributing/implementation-notes.md

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Giorgio Polvara 
docs/contributing/implementation-notes.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
yarn.lock

Author:Ujjwal Ojha 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Kevin Huang 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Kevin Huang 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Islam Sharabash 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Colin Wren 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Alex Babkov 
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md

Author:Aesop Wolf 
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_data/nav_contributing.yml
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md
docs/contributing/implementation-notes.md
docs/img/docs/implementation-notes-tree.png

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/npm-react-native.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-test.js
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json

Author:Sophia 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Tyler Buchea 
README.md

Author:Michael O'Brien 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md
docs/Rakefile
docs/_js/examples/hello.js
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/_js/examples/timer.js
docs/_js/examples/todo.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Kateryna 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:ankitml 
docs/docs/09.1-language-tooling.md

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/test/ReactShallowRenderer.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:KeicaM 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:Steve Mao 
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Marcelo Alves 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md
docs/js/remarkable.min.js

Author:ankitml 
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.md

Author:Alex Zherdev 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Rafael Angeline 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:gillchristian 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:hkal 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Mark Penner 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/setTextContent.js

Author:Eric Douglas 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ivan Zotov 
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_data/nav_contributing.yml
docs/contributing/codebase-overview.md
docs/contributing/design-principles.md
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Gil Chen-Zion 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.zh-CN.md

Author:Kyle Mathews 
docs/_posts/2016-09-28-our-first-50000-stars.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2016-09-28-our-first-50000-stars.md
docs/img/blog/react-50k-mock-full.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-50k-mock.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-50k-tshirt.jpg

Author:Christoph Pojer 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:J. Renée Beach 
docs/warnings/invalid-aria-prop.md
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ARIADOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMInvalidARIAHook.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
.travis.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md
docs/_data/nav_contributing.yml
docs/contributing/design-principles.md
docs/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
.travis.yml

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
.travis.yml

Author:imjanghyuk 
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
.travis.yml
scripts/facts-tracker/index.js

Author:jinmmd 
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md

Author:jinmmd 
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:Andy Edwards 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/conferences.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-15.3.2.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md

Author:Ivan Zotov 
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.ru-RU.md

Author:Ivan Zotov 
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.ru-RU.md

Author:Ivan Zotov 
docs/tips/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.ru-RU.md

Author:Ivan Zotov 
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.ru-RU.md

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/art/ReactART.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js

Author:Uladzimir Havenchyk 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/art/ReactART.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestTextComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.flowconfig

Author:Ivan Zotov 
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.ru-RU.md

Author:Ivan Zotov 
docs/tips/01-introduction.ru-RU.md
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.ru-RU.md

Author:Ivan Zotov 
docs/tips/01-introduction.ru-RU.md

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestTextComponent.js

Author:Stephen John Sorensen 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberUpdateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/ReactInstanceMap.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStateQueue.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberPendingState.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberStateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberPendingState.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberPendingWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberPendingWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:tokikuch 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/BeforeInputEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactChildrenMutationWarningHook.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Amanvir Sangha 
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.md

Author:Ivan Zotov 
docs/tips/01-introduction.ru-RU.md

Author:Michał Pierzchała 
docs/_css/_typography.scss

Author:Dan Abramov 
scripts/bench/README.md
scripts/bench/measure.py

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/PluginModuleType.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceType.js

Author:Dmitrii Abramov 
package.json

Author:Ray Dai 
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.ko-KR.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SimpleEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/DisabledInputUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMButton.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Ray Dai 
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md

Author:Gant Laborde 
docs/docs/conferences.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/PluginModuleType.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/ReactSyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/ReactSyntheticEventType.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceType.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/dev-expression-with-codes-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/art/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/DisabledInputUtil-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/adler32-test.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js

Author:Kite 
docs/docs/09.2-package-management.md

Author:Filip Spiridonov 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:hkal 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/umd/ReactUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactWithAddonsUMDEntry.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementType.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/deepDiffer.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceType.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/Transaction.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/isTextInputElement.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceType.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/ReactSyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/CallbackQueue.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
.travis.yml
grunt/tasks/jest.js
package.json

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js

Author:Flarnie Marchan 
Author:Flarnie Marchan 
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/ReactSyntheticEvent.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:却痕 
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.zh-CN.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.zh-CN.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js

Author:Kent C. Dodds 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Guillaume Claret 
.flowconfig

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
package.json
scripts/jest/setupSpecEquivalenceReporter.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/types/__tests__/ReactFlowPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/types/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/art/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/__tests__/setInnerHTML-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/setInnerHTML.js

Author:Mateusz Burzyński 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Miller Medeiros 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeReconcileTransaction.js

Author:Kevin Lin 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Miller Medeiros 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/addons/link/LinkedStateMixin.js
src/addons/update.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventConstants.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventConstants.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPropagators.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Michael Jackson 
README.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-TW.md
docs/docs/09.2-package-management.md
docs/docs/getting-started.it-IT.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md
docs/downloads.md

Author:Duke Pham 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.zh-CN.md

Author:Robert Kielty 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Marcin Mazurek 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Nick Raienko 
.gitignore

Author:Clay Miller 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Nik Nyby 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:TedPowers 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/Transaction.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestReconcileTransaction.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/art/ReactART.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceType.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactOwner.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/ReactInstrumentation.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js

Author:Christophe Hurpeau 
docs/warnings/refs-must-have-owner.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactInvalidSetStateWarningHook.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactChildrenMutationWarningHook.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js

Author:Miller Medeiros 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementType.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceType.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypesSecret.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/shared/utils/ReactElementSymbol.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/shared/utils/canDefineProperty.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypeLocations.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
.flowconfig
package.json
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactCoroutine.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js

Author:Paul Kehrer 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:NestorTejero 
docs/docs/09.2-package-management.md

Author:Lucas 
README.md

Author:Lucas 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-15.3.1.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Greg Palmer 
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react/package.json

Author:Alex Zherdev 
docs/_plugins/header_links.rb
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/07-forms.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.zh-CN.md

Author:Alexandre Kirszenberg 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:龙海燕 
docs/docs/09.2-package-management.md

Author:ventuno 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/children/onlyChild.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Jess Telford 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Troy DeMonbreun 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js

Author:Tanase Hagi 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Andres Suarez 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js

Author:Andres Suarez 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDOMFactories.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js

Author:jaaberg 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInstrumentation.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMDebugTool-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
grunt/config/browserify.js
gulpfile.js
package.json
src/umd/shims/ReactComponentTreeHookUMDShim.js
src/umd/shims/ReactCurrentOwnerUMDShim.js
src/umd/shims/ReactUMDShim.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
grunt/config/browserify.js
gulpfile.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactNodeTypes.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/shared/types/ReactPropTypesSecret.js
src/shared/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js
src/shared/utils/ReactElementSymbol.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactChildrenMutationWarningHook.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Gruntfile.js
examples/fiber/index.html
grunt/config/browserify.js
packages/react-dom/fiber.js
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-dom.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-native.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-test.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js
gulpfile.js
package.json
packages/react-dom/index.js
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-dom/server.js
packages/react-linked-input/LinkedInput.js
packages/react-native-renderer/index.js
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/index.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
scripts/jest/environment.js
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/renderers/dom/__mocks__/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactChildrenMutationWarningHook.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactChildrenMutationWarningHook.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/test/createHierarchyRenderer.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
grunt/config/browserify.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/react-dom.js
package.json
src/addons/ReactAddonsDOMDependencies.js
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInjection.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/umd/ReactDOMServerUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactDOMUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactWithAddonsUMDEntry.js
src/umd/shims/ReactAddonsDOMDependenciesUMDShim.js
vendor/react-dom-server.js
vendor/react-dom.js

Author:B.Orlov 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Robert Martin 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Robert Chang 
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md

Author:Joseph Savona 
docs/_posts/2016-08-05-relay-state-of-the-state.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberPendingWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberPendingWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberPendingWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactReifiedYield.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Joseph Savona 
docs/_posts/2016-08-05-relay-state-of-the-state.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/img/logo_og.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
packages/react-addons/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-TW.md
docs/docs/09.2-package-management.md
docs/docs/getting-started.it-IT.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md
docs/downloads.md

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-TW.md

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js
src/isomorphic/hooks/ReactComponentTreeHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropHook.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/hooks/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyHook.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactChildrenMutationWarningHook.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/ReactInvalidSetStateWarningHook.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeHook-test.native.js
src/renderers/shared/hooks/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryHook-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/test/ReactComponentTreeTestUtils.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-15.3.0.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/warnings/dont-call-proptypes.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/warnings/dont-call-proptypes.md

Author:Dustan Kasten 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-test.js
gulp/tasks/version-check.js
packages/react-test-renderer/README.md
packages/react-test-renderer/index.js
packages/react-test-renderer/package.json

Author:Keyan Zhang 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-TW.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Jackson Huang 
02-displaying-data.zh-TW.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js

Author:Patrick Finnigan 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js

Author:Gert Hengeveld 
docs/docs/conferences.md

Author:Amjad Masad 
docs/_posts/2016-07-22-create-apps-with-no-configuration.md

Author:scloudyy 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/07-forms.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.zh-CN.md

Author:Veljko Tornjanski 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Keyan Zhang 
Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/art/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.native.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
package.json

Author:Nathan Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Seyi 
docs/_posts/2016-07-22-create-apps-with-no-configuration.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2016-07-22-create-apps-with-no-configuration.md
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/compiled-successfully.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/compiled-with-warnings.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/created-folder.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/failed-to-compile.png
docs/img/blog/create-apps-with-no-configuration/npm-run-build.png

Author:Steven Syrek 
docs/_posts/2016-07-22-create-apps-with-no-configuration.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-07-22-create-apps-with-no-configuration.md

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
.babelrc
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Alex Zherdev 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/404.md
docs/Gemfile.lock
docs/_config.yml
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/acknowledgements.md
docs/contributing/design-principles.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-TW.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/error-decoder.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.it-IT.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md
docs/downloads.md
docs/feed.xml
docs/jsx-compiler.md
docs/support.md
docs/warnings/legacy-factories.md
docs/warnings/refs-must-have-owner.md
docs/warnings/special-props.md
docs/warnings/unknown-prop.md

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/Gemfile
docs/Gemfile.lock
docs/_config.yml
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/_plugins/authors.rb
docs/docs/01-why-react.de-DE.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.it-IT.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.it-IT.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.it-IT.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.it-IT.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.it-IT.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/07-forms.it-IT.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/07-forms.md
docs/docs/07-forms.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.it-IT.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.it-IT.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.it-IT.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/09.1-language-tooling.md
docs/docs/09.2-package-management.md
docs/docs/09.3-environments.md
docs/docs/10-addons.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10-addons.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10-addons.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10-addons.md
docs/docs/10-addons.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.10-shallow-compare.md
docs/docs/10.10-shallow-compare.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.it-IT.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md
docs/docs/12-context.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/12-context.md
docs/docs/12-context.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.it-IT.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/conferences.it-IT.md
docs/docs/conferences.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/conferences.md
docs/docs/conferences.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/examples.it-IT.md
docs/docs/examples.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/examples.md
docs/docs/examples.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.it-IT.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.it-IT.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/getting-started.it-IT.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md
docs/docs/ref-09-webcomponents.md
docs/docs/ref-09-webcomponents.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/videos.it-IT.md
docs/docs/videos.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/videos.md
docs/docs/videos.zh-CN.md
docs/tips/01-introduction.ja-JP.md
docs/tips/01-introduction.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/01-introduction.md
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.ja-JP.md
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.md
docs/tips/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.md
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/tips/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.md
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.md
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-15.2.1.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Sassan Haradji 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/contributing/design-principles.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/contributing/design-principles.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_data/nav_contributing.yml
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/_layouts/contributing.html
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/contributing/design-principles.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Fernando Alex Helwanger 
docs/_posts/2016-07-13-mixins-considered-harmful.md

Author:Troy DeMonbreun 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.zh-CN.md

Author:segmentationfaulter 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Mert Kahyaoğlu 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-07-13-mixins-considered-harmful.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-07-13-mixins-considered-harmful.md

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/bench/bench-pe-es5.js
scripts/bench/bench-pe-sfc-es5.js
scripts/bench/bench-pe-sfc.js
scripts/bench/bench-pe.js
scripts/bench/extract-component.js

Author:Kent C. Dodds 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Zac Smith 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Varayut Lerdkanlayanawat 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Usman 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Keyan Zhang 
docs/_data/authors.yml
docs/_posts/2016-07-11-introducing-reacts-error-code-system.md

Author:Samy Al Zahrani 
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js

Author:saiyagg 
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactPureComponent.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactPureComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Andrey Okonetchnikov 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypesSecret.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/warnings/legacy-factories.md
docs/warnings/refs-must-have-owner.md
docs/warnings/special-props.md
docs/warnings/unknown-prop.md

Author:Marshall Bowers 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/eslint.js
grunt/tasks/flow.js
grunt/tasks/version-check.js
gulp/tasks/eslint.js
gulp/tasks/flow.js
gulp/tasks/version-check.js
gulpfile.js
package.json

Author:Timothy Yung 
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypesSecret.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LinkedValueUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInstrumentation.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactInstrumentation.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/renderers/shared/utils/isTextInputElement.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/Danger-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js

Author:Robin Ricard 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestReconcileTransaction.js

Author:Richard Roncancio 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js

Author:Samuel Reed 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.it-IT.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactNodeTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/getHostComponentFromComposite.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/Transaction.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/__tests__/adler32-test.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/accumulate.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/accumulateInto.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/adler32.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
src/renderers/shared/utils/isTextInputElement.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-15.2.0.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Griffin Michl 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
examples/fiber/index.html
src/renderers/dom/fiber/ReactDOMFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
.flowconfig
package.json
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncrementalSideEffects-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCommitWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberPendingWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberPendingWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberPendingWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberScheduler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberRoot.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactPriorityLevel.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypeOfWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js

Author:Troy DeMonbreun 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:starkch 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js

Author:Esteban 
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js

Author:Swaroop SM 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js

Author:Evan Jacobs 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Sergey Rubanov 
src/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js
src/shared/utils/ReactNodeTypes.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/shared/utils/getIteratorFn.js
src/shared/utils/reactProdInvariant.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js

Author:Jim 
docs/docs/ref-09-webcomponents.md
docs/docs/ref-09-webcomponents.zh-CN.md

Author:Jared Fox 
examples/webcomponents/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/addons/link/ReactStateSetters.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/shared/utils/adler32.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/shared/utils/KeyEscapeUtils.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Nik Nyby 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/09.2-package-management.md
docs/docs/getting-started.it-IT.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:Claudio Brandolino 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
package.json
src/shared/utils/accumulate.js
src/shared/utils/accumulateInto.js
src/shared/utils/forEachAccumulated.js

Author:Jim 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/ReactChildrenMutationWarningDevtool.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.zh-CN.md

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMNullInputValuePropDevtool.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.zh-CN.md
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Juan 
README.md

Author:Qin Junwen 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Robert Haritonov 
docs/docs/conferences.md

Author:nhducit 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Christoph Pojer 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/index.md

Author:Ryo Shibayama 
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/css/react.scss
docs/index.md

Author:inkinworld 
docs/docs/12-context.md

Author:Dominic Gannaway 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/setTextContent.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
package.json

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.zh-CN.md
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js

Author:ogom 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Hiroyuki Wada 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Josh Hunt 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/__tests__/setInnerHTML.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/setInnerHTML.js

Author:Yusong Liu 
docs/docs/10.10-shallow-compare.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Timothy Yung 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
.babelrc
gulpfile.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/dev-expression-with-codes-test.js
scripts/error-codes/dev-expression-with-codes.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/reactProdInvariant-test.js
src/shared/utils/reactProdInvariant.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/inputValueTracking.js

Author:Alexander 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
docs/Rakefile
docs/_js/ErrorDecoderComponent.js
docs/docs/error-decoder.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
.eslintrc.js
scripts/bench/extract-component.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
docs/README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md
docs/index.md
docs/js/marked.min.js
docs/js/remarkable.min.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactTypes.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.flowconfig
package.json

Author:Daniel Rosenwasser 
docs/docs/09.1-language-tooling.md

Author:Andrew Imm 
src/renderers/dom/client/inputValueTracking.js

Author:Sasha Aickin 
src/renderers/dom/shared/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml

Author:Keyan Zhang 
.travis.yml
gulpfile.js
package.json
scripts/error-codes/Types.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/evalToString-test.js
scripts/error-codes/__tests__/invertObject-test.js
scripts/error-codes/codes.json
scripts/error-codes/evalToString.js
scripts/error-codes/gulp-extract-errors.js
scripts/error-codes/invertObject.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestMount.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/testing/ReactTestRenderer.js
src/renderers/testing/__tests__/ReactTestRenderer-test.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactCoroutine-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/__tests__/ReactIncremental-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypesOfWork.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactReifiedYield.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactCoroutine.js

Author:hjmoss 
CHANGELOG.md
docs/_posts/2016-04-07-react-v15.md

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.zh-CN.md

Author:Alex Jacobs 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactCoroutine.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Nate Norberg 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPluginRegistry.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Bruce Harris 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/html-jsx.html

Author:Ilya Gelman 
docs/docs/conferences.md

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/_js/html-jsx.js
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/html-jsx.html
docs/html-jsx.md

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/docs/09.3-environments.md

Author:Keyan Zhang 
docs/_css/_solarized.scss
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/css/codemirror.css
docs/js/codemirror.js
docs/js/javascript.js
docs/js/jsx.js
docs/js/xml.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/renderers/noop/__tests__/ReactNoop-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactReifiedYield.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactStateNode.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactCoroutine.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/isomorphic/ReactTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/noop/__tests__/ReactNoop-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactChildFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberBeginWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberCompleteWork.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberFunctionalComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypesOfWork.js

Author:Robin Berjon 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Grgur Grisogono 
docs/docs/conferences.md

Author:Weizenlol 
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js

Author:Eric Matthys 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Andrew Clark 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/addons/shallowCompare.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
grunt/tasks/jest.js

Author:Dmitrii Abramov 
package.json

Author:Dmitrii Abramov 
grunt/tasks/jest.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/setupSpecEquivalenceReporter.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/test/MetaMatchers.js
src/test/__tests__/MetaMatchers-test.js

Author:Dmitrii Abramov 
package.json
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
scripts/jest/jest.d.ts
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/test/MetaMatchers.js
src/test/__tests__/MetaMatchers-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js

Author:Jim 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/art/ReactART.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
gulpfile.js
src/renderers/art/ReactART.js
src/renderers/art/__tests__/ReactART-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.eslintignore
package.json
src/renderers/art/ReactART.js
src/renderers/art/__tests__/ReactART-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js

Author:Alex Zherdev 
docs/docs/12-context.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/10.9-perf.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md

Author:Ali Taheri Moghaddar 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/checkReactTypeSpec.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Vedat Mahir YILMAZ 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Rui Araújo 
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDOMFactories.js

Author:Roderick Hsiao 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-15.1.0.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactChildReconciler-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Keyan Zhang 
Author:Ivan 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.zh-CN.md

Author:hao.huang 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.zh-CN.md

Author:Dmitrii Abramov 
scripts/jest/ts-preprocessor.js

Author:chico 
package.json
scripts/jest/ts-preprocessor.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts

Author:Ben Berman 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dustan Kasten 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactInstrumentation.js
src/renderers/shared/ReactPerf.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/ReactHostOperationHistoryDevtool.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/ReactInvalidSetStateWarningDevTool.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.native.js
src/renderers/shared/devtools/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Tony Rossi 
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/addons/shallowCompare.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.native.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/test/ReactComponentTreeTestUtils.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.native.js
src/test/ReactComponentTreeTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.native.js
src/test/ReactComponentTreeTestUtils.js

Author:David Aurelio 
gulpfile.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Sebastian McKenzie 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Rachel D. Cartwright 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMDebugTool-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/bench/README.md
scripts/bench/measure.py

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/bench/measure.py

Author:Nima Jahanshahi 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Nuno Campos 
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js

Author:Nuno Campos 
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactHostComponent.js

Author:Chad Fawcett 
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.md

Author:Dmitriy Kubyshkin 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Nuno Campos 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/ReactPerf.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js

Author:hao.huang 
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:djskinner 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/ReactPerf.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactHostOperationHistoryDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.native.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactHostOperationHistoryDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/DisabledInputUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMButton.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypesOfWork.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactHostComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/shared/utils/ReactNodeTypes.js
src/shared/utils/getHostComponentFromComposite.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactNativeOperationHistoryDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.native.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactNativeOperationHistoryDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactNativeOperationHistoryDevtool-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactPerf.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactNativeOperationHistoryDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactNativeOperationHistoryDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactPerf.js

Author:Marshall Bowers 
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js

Author:Jarrod Mosen 
docs/index.md

Author:yiminghe 
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/noop/ReactNoop.js
src/renderers/noop/__tests__/ReactNoop-test.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiber.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberFunctionalComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactFiberReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactStateNode.js
src/renderers/shared/fiber/ReactTypesOfWork.js
src/renderers/shared/shared/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventConstants.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/TouchHistoryMath.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactInstanceMap.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactStateSetters.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/shared/stack/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Bradford 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-TW.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/01-why-react.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ru-RU.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ru-RU.md

Author:yiminghe 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Seba 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Seba 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Yaxian 
docs/docs/12-context.md
docs/docs/12-context.zh-CN.md

Author:Jim 
src/core/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
.flowconfig
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMLazyTree.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Jay Phelps 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Andrey Safronov 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ru-RU.md

Author:Andrey Safronov 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ru-RU.md

Author:Keyan Zhang 
.babelrc
package.json

Author:Andrey Safronov 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ru-RU.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/flow.js
package.json
packages/react/package.json

Author:Troy DeMonbreun 
.babelrc
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/jest.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
.flowconfig
flow/environment.js
flow/react-native-host-hooks.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/compress.js

Author:Kevin Suttle 
docs/docs/09.1-language-tooling.md

Author:Pieter De Baets 
gulpfile.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/InitializeJavaScriptAppEngine.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/JSTimersExecution.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/RCTEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/RCTLog.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactPerf.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactPerf.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactPerf-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.native.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactPerf.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactPerf.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/isomorphic/ReactPerf.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js

Author:Pieter De Baets 
src/renderers/native/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNativeTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/InitializeJavaScriptAppEngine.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/JSTimersExecution.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/RCTEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/RCTLog.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/TextInputState.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/View.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/deepDiffer.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/deepFreezeAndThrowOnMutationInDev.js
src/renderers/native/__mocks__/flattenStyle.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
src/renderers/native/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/native/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/native/findNodeHandle.js

Author:Tanase Hagi 
examples/basic-commonjs/package.json

Author:Jim 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Jake Boone 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Brandon Dail 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react/package.json

Author:Andrey Safronov 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ru-RU.md

Author:Andrey Safronov 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ru-RU.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-15.0.2.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Andrey Safronov 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ru-RU.md

Author:Desmond Brand 
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/addons/link/LinkedStateMixin.js
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/addons/shallowCompare.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/update.js
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/onlyChild.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Andrey Safronov 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ru-RU.md

Author:Sasha Aickin 
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Greg Hurrell 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Andrey Safronov 
docs/docs/01-why-react.ru-RU.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
gulpfile.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/InteractionManager.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/Platform.js

Author:Jason Quense 
src/renderers/dom/client/inputValueTracking.js

Author:Jan Schär 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Jackson Huang 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-TW.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.native.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/View.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/ReactPerfAnalysis.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactNativeOperationHistoryDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Ryan Lahfa 
package.json

Author:Simen Bekkhus 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Adam Stankiewicz 
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:cpojer 
grunt/tasks/jest.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:cpojer 
grunt/tasks/jest.js
package.json
src/core/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/DisabledInputUtil-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/IOSNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/merge.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/deprecated/OrderedMap.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactNativeOperationHistoryDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactNativeOperationHistoryDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Yan Li 
docs/docs/conferences.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
.travis.yml

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Stolenkid 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:z.ky 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMDebugTool-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Spencer Ahrens 
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeGlobalInteractionHandler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Spencer Ahrens 
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/PanResponder.js

Author:Spencer Ahrens 
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeDefaultInjection.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Ike Peters 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Esteban 
src/isomorphic/children/onlyChild.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js

Author:Esteban 
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/devtools/__tests__/ReactComponentTreeDevtool-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactComponentTreeDevtool.js

Author:Minwei Xu 
docs/docs/ref-09-webcomponents.zh-CN.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugTool-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugInstanceMap.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugInstanceMap-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
packages/react/lib/ReactDOM.native.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/IOSDefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/IOSNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNative.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeGlobalInteractionHandler.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/findNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/PanResponder.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/TouchHistoryMath.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNative.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-native.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeDOMIDOperations.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/IOSNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeComponentTree.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/findNodeHandle.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/NodeHandle/NodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/NodeHandle/UniversalWorkerNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/findNodeHandle.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeComponentEnvironment.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/createReactNativeComponentClass.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/InitializeJavaScriptAppEngine.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/InteractionManager.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/JSTimersExecution.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/Platform.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/RCTEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/RCTLog.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/TextInputState.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/UIManager.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/deepDiffer.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/deepFreezeAndThrowOnMutationInDev.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/flattenStyle.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__mocks__/merge.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__tests__/ReactNativeMount-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNative.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
gulpfile.js
packages/react/lib/ReactDOM.native.js
src/renderers/native/NodeHandle/UniversalWorkerNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/IOSNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/findNodeHandle.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-native.js
grunt/tasks/version-check.js
packages/react-native-renderer/README.md
packages/react-native-renderer/index.js
packages/react-native-renderer/package.json

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
.babelrc
package.json

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/YellowBox.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/renderApplication.android.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/renderApplication.ios.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/requireNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/verifyPropTypes.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/UIManagerStatTracker.js
src/renderers/native/vendor/react/core/clamp.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/NodeHandle/NodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/NodeHandle/UniversalWorkerNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/React.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/native/vendor/react/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.android.js
src/renderers/native/vendor/react/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.ios.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/PanResponder.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/TouchHistoryMath.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/IOSDefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/IOSNativeBridgeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/NativeMethodsMixin.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/YellowBox.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/renderApplication.android.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/renderApplication.ios.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/requireNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactIOS/verifyPropTypes.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/React.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNative.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeAttributePayload.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeBaseComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeBaseComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeGlobalInteractionHandler.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeGlobalResponderHandler.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeMount.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativePropRegistry.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeTagHandles.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/ReactNativeTextComponent.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/UIManagerStatTracker.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/__tests__/ReactNativeAttributePayload-test.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/createReactNativeComponentClass.js
src/renderers/native/ReactNative/findNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/vendor/react/browser/eventPlugins/PanResponder.js
src/renderers/native/vendor/react/browser/eventPlugins/TouchHistoryMath.js
src/renderers/native/vendor/react/core/clamp.js
src/renderers/native/vendor/react/platform/NodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/vendor/react/platformImplementations/universal/worker/UniversalWorkerNodeHandle.js
src/renderers/native/vendor/react/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.android.js
src/renderers/native/vendor/react/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.ios.js

Author:Adrian Sieber 
CHANGELOG.md
docs/_posts/2014-11-24-react-js-conf-updates.md

Author:Denis Laxalde 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:hkal 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/shared/utils/KeyEscapeUtils.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/KeyEscapeUtils-test.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Jim 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Jason Quense 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/inputValueTracking-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/inputValueTracking.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Keyan Zhang 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/09.3-environments.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/09.2-package-management.md
docs/docs/09.3-environments.md
docs/docs/10-addons.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Alex 
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/09.1-language-tooling.md
docs/docs/09.2-package-management.md
docs/docs/10-addons.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Sam Balana 
Author:Raito Bezarius 
package.json

Author:Nate Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/DisabledInputUtils.js

Author:Nate Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Nate Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Nate Hunzaker 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/DisabledInputUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMButton.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/DisabledInputUtil-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-04-08-react-v15.0.1.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
packages/react-linked-input/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-15.0.1.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2016-04-08-react-v15.0.1.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md

Author:Wildhoney 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Brandon Dail 
docs/_posts/2016-04-07-react-v15.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:mondaychen 
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Sam Balana 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/babel/transform-object-assign-require.js
src/isomorphic/React.js

Author:Sam Balana 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/isomorphic/React.js

Author:Trevor Smith 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Trevor Smith 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js

Author:Trevor Smith 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2016-04-07-react-v15.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-15.0.0.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-04-07-react-v15.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_data/acknowledgements.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/downloads/react-0.14.8.zip

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-linked-input/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js
src/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/isomorphic/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Michael Terry 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ivan Vergiliev 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Ivan Vergiliev 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sam Balana 
Author:Raito Bezarius 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Sam Balana 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
bin/jsx-internal
grunt/config/jsx.js
grunt/tasks/jsx.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-03-07-react-v15-rc1.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-03-07-react-v15-rc1.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.babelrc
gulpfile.js
package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/babel/transform-object-assign-require.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/update.js
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/OrderedMap.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/shared/stubs/Object.assign.js
src/shared/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/umd/ReactUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactWithAddonsUMDEntry.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/10.9-perf.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Raito Bezarius 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Raito Bezarius 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Raito Bezarius 
package.json

Author:Matthew Herbst 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Raito Bezarius 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Sam Balana 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugInstanceMap.js
src/isomorphic/__tests__/ReactDebugInstanceMap-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:cbrwizard 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticClipboardEvent-test.js

Author:Sam Balana 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Sam Balana 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Mark Funk 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Mark Funk 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:cbrwizard 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticKeyboardEvent-test.js

Author:Richard 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/basic-click-counter/index.html
examples/basic-commonjs/.babelrc
examples/basic-commonjs/package.json
examples/jquery-bootstrap/index.html
examples/jquery-mobile/index.html
examples/shared/thirdparty/webcomponents.js
examples/webcomponents/index.html

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-03-29-react-v0.14.8.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-03-29-react-v0.14.8.md

Author:sottar 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ja-JP.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Philip Jackson 
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
examples/basic-commonjs/package.json

Author:Boris Yankov 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Maher Beg 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/browserify.js
packages/react/lib/React.native.js
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/isomorphic/React.js
src/umd/ReactUMDEntry.js
src/umd/ReactWithAddonsUMDEntry.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Kent C. Dodds 
README.md

Author:Kent C. Dodds 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:speedskater 
docs/docs/conferences.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Dan Abramov 
.travis.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Jim 
Author:terry3 
examples/basic-commonjs/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/quadratic/index.html
examples/transitions/index.html
examples/webcomponents/index.html

Author:Jon Tewksbury 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
docs/downloads.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Christoffer Sawicki 
grunt/config/browserify.js
package.json
packages/react/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Victor Homyakov 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/setInnerHTML.js

Author:cbrwizard 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/__tests__/getEventCharCode-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
.travis.yml

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/10.9-perf.md
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js

Author:rgarifullin 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.zh-CN.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
packages/react/addons.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/downloads/react-15.0.0-rc.2.zip

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2016-03-16-react-v15-rc2.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-linked-input/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js
src/package.json

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventConstants.js

Author:cbrwizard 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/__tests__/getEventKey-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:rofrischmann 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:iawia002 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md

Author:Jim 
Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/07-forms.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10-addons.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/12-context.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.zh-CN.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMLazyTree.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMSVGDeprecatedAttributeDevtool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMSVGDeprecatedAttributeDevtool.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMLazyTree.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jaeho Lee 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Edvin Erikson 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:everdimension 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2016-03-07-react-v15-rc1.md

Author:everdimension 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Anto 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventConstants.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
Author:Leland Richardson 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/_posts/2016-03-07-react-v15-rc1.md

Author:rofrischmann 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jinxiu 
docs/docs/12-context.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2016-03-07-react-v15-rc1.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-15.0.0-rc.1.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2016-03-07-react-v15-rc1.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-linked-input/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js
src/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/css/react.scss
docs/img/search.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/Rakefile
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:cpojer 
package.json

Author:Jim 
Author:Jason Quense 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Max 
docs/docs/10.9-perf.md

Author:Jim 
Author:rainer oviir 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/devtools/ReactInvalidSetStateWarningDevTool.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Cameron Chamberlain 
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.md

Author:Craig Akimoto 
docs/_layouts/docs.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Jim 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMSVGDeprecatedAttributeDevtool.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintrc.js
package.json
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:yuanyan 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintrc
.eslintrc.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Michael McDermott 
.eslintrc
packages/react/addons.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Max 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:jim 
docs/_posts/2015-12-16-ismounted-antipattern.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_layouts/redirect.html
docs/docs/complementary-tools.it-IT.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/examples.it-IT.md
docs/docs/examples.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/examples.md
docs/docs/examples.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_plugins/sidebar_item.rb

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:chico 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Nee 
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.zh-CN.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Nathan Smith 
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md

Author:Max 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Steven Vachon 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian McKenzie 
.babelrc
.eslintrc
gulpfile.js
package.json
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Miles Johnson 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticAnimationEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTransitionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getVendorPrefixedEventName.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventConstants.js

Author:jim 
packages/react-linked-input/LinkedInput.js
packages/react-linked-input/README.md
packages/react-linked-input/__test__/LinkedInput-test.js
packages/react-linked-input/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Huang-Wei Chang 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:yiminghe 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Max 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:April Arcus 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Joe Critchley 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/_plugins/sidebar_item.rb
docs/css/react.scss
docs/img/external.png
docs/img/external_2x.png

Author:Jim 
Author:David Percy 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Bill Blanchard 
docs/html-jsx.md

Author:Kier Borromeo 
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md

Author:Jim 
Author:nakazye 
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
docs/_posts/2016-02-19-new-versioning-scheme.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/Rakefile

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
docs/_posts/2016-02-19-new-versioning-scheme.md
docs/img/blog/versioning-1.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-2.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-3.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-4.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-5.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-6.png
docs/img/blog/versioning-poll.png

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/isomorphic/ReactDebugTool.js
src/isomorphic/ReactInstrumentation.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/videos.it-IT.md
docs/docs/videos.md
docs/docs/videos.zh-CN.md

Author:Michael Wiencek 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Benjy Cui 
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Kent C. Dodds 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js

Author:jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/createMicrosoftUnsafeLocalFunction.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/setInnerHTML.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Andreww8xx8 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMLazyTree.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:jim 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Jim 
Author:David Ed Mellum 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventTarget.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:cpojer 
package.json
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Max 
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Manas 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:liudongsheng 
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:Max 
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.it-IT.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Sam Beveridge 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Saiichi Hashimoto 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jon Tewksbury 
README.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/acknowledgements.md

Author:Sam Beveridge 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Sam Beveridge 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:jim 
src/core/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Jim 
Author:jim 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/Rakefile
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:Julio Lopez 
docs/downloads.md

Author:Nguyen Truong Duy 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Shinnosuke Watanabe 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Shinnosuke Watanabe 
README.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Prayag Verma 
docs/_posts/2013-09-24-community-roundup-8.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
package.json
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:jim 
src/core/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Julio Lopez 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Gajus Kuizinas 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Jeremy Fairbank 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Jim 
Author:karczk 
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:krystian.karczewski 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Mark Murphy 
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Dave 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Hideo Matsumoto 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
Author:John Ryan 
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Rajat Sehgal 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.it-IT.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Bobby 
docs/docs/12-context.md

Author:Scott Feeney 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-0.14.7.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Scott Feeney 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jody McIntyre 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Chris Bolin 
docs/docs/10-addons.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Zeke Sikelianos 
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react/package.json

Author:Mathieu Savy 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sercan Eraslan 
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/jest.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js
package.json
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:tmysz 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js
src/package.json

Author:Ian Obermiller 
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js

Author:Ian Obermiller 
Author:jim 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/js/react-dom.js
vendor/react-dom-server.js
vendor/react-dom.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Nate Lee 
docs/js/react-dom.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Josh Perez 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ken Powers 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Simen Bekkhus 
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Simen Bekkhus 
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md

Author:Jon Tewksbury 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:leeyoungalias 
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html

Author:Jim 
Author:jim 
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:iamchenxin 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:David Granado 
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:jim 
src/addons/link/LinkedInput.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedInput-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2016-01-12-discontinuing-ie8-support.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:jim 
src/React.js

Author:jim 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Michael McDermott 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Deniss Jacenko 
docs/img/docs/should-component-update.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Scott Feeney 
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Zhangjd 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.zh-CN.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.it-IT.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.zh-CN.md

Author:jim 
docs/_posts/2016-01-08-A-implies-B-does-not-imply-B-implies-A.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-0.14.6.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react/package.json

Author:Jim 
Author:Gavin McQuistin 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Miles Johnson 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:jim 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Matthew Hodgson 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Yuichi Hagio 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-0.14.5.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
packages/react/package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-12-29-react-v0.14.4.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-0.14.4.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
packages/react/lib/React.native.js
packages/react/lib/ReactDOM.native.js

Author:Rick Beerendonk 
LICENSE
docs/_js/html-jsx.js
eslint-rules/__tests__/warning-and-invariant-args-test.js
eslint-rules/warning-and-invariant-args.js
grunt/data/header-template-extended.txt
gulpfile.js
mocks/ReactElementTestChild.js
mocks/ReactMockedComponentTestComponent.js
packages/jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/transforms/react.js
scripts/bench/analyze.py
scripts/bench/measure.py
scripts/perf-counters/src/hardware-counter.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/hardware-counter.h
scripts/perf-counters/src/jsc-perf.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/perf-counters.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/portability.h
scripts/perf-counters/src/thread-local.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/thread-local.h
src/React.js
src/ReactVersion.js
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/link/LinkedStateMixin.js
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/addons/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/addons/shallowCompare.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/update.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/isomorphic/ReactIsomorphic.js
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/onlyChild.js
src/isomorphic/children/sliceChildren.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDOMFactories.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/OrderedMap.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/cloneWithProps.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/React.d.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactDOM.d.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/types/__tests__/ReactFlowPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/types/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServer.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/ViewportMetrics.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventCharCode.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventKey.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventModifierState.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventTarget.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/isEventSupported.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/setInnerHTML.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/setTextContent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/AutoFocusUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMButton.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMNamespaces.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentFlags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInstrumentation.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMSVGDeprecatedAttributeDevtool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventConstants.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactInstanceMap.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactStateSetters.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/shared/stubs/Object.assign.js
src/shared/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js
src/shared/utils/ReactNodeTypes.js
src/shared/utils/Transaction.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/adler32-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/shared/utils/accumulate.js
src/shared/utils/accumulateInto.js
src/shared/utils/adler32.js
src/shared/utils/canDefineProperty.js
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/shared/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
src/shared/utils/getIteratorFn.js
src/shared/utils/getNativeComponentFromComposite.js
src/shared/utils/isTextInputElement.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
src/test/MetaMatchers.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/MetaMatchers-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js
src/test/createHierarchyRenderer.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Michael Ziwisky 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMSVGDeprecatedAttributeDevtool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:iamchenxin 
.gitignore
docs/docs/10.10-shallow-compare.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/12-context.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/conferences.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/videos.zh-CN.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:James Wen 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js

Author:Jake Worth 
docs/_posts/2014-10-16-react-v0.12-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-11-24-react-js-conf-updates.md

Author:John-David Dalton 
.travis.yml

Author:Jim 
Author:dortonway 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/jest.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/jest.js
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/jest.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/07-forms.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-ref-zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10-addons.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.zh-CN.md

Author:John-David Dalton 
.gitignore
grunt/tasks/jest.js
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-02-15-community-roundup-16.md
docs/docs/videos.ko-KR.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Hou Chia 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Hou Chia 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Dan Abramov 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
Author:Dan Abramov 
README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Cesar William Alvarenga 
docs/_posts/2015-03-19-building-the-facebook-news-feed-with-relay.md

Author:Jake Worth 
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/_posts/2015-12-18-react-components-elements-and-instances.md

Author:Moshe Kolodny 
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2015-12-18-react-components-elements-and-instances.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_posts/2015-12-18-react-components-elements-and-instances.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/_data/authors.yml
docs/_posts/2015-12-18-react-components-elements-and-instances.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:jim 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Vitor Balocco 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:jim 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDebugTool.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDevtools.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMInstrumentation.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
gulpfile.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/core/__tests__/ReactErrorBoundaries-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/shared/utils/CallbackQueue.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Oliver Zeigermann 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js

Author:Jim 
docs/_posts/2015-12-16-ismounted-antipattern.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:jpersson 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/devtools/ReactDOMUnknownPropertyDevtool.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMDevtools.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Lovisa Svallingson 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Freddy Rangel 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:adraeth 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Justas Brazauskas 
docs/_posts/2013-10-3-community-roundup-9.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-16-react-v0.9-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-20-react-v0.9.md
docs/css/codemirror.css
eslint-rules/warning-and-invariant-args.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/test/MetaMatchers.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Kevin Lau 
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Andrew Henderson 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Jim 
Author:koh-taka 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Vitor Balocco 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/link/LinkedStateMixin.js
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDOMFactories.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/cloneWithProps.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventCharCode.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventKey.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventModifierState.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventTarget.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/AutoFocusUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/shared/utils/getIteratorFn.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Tay Yang Shun 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js

Author:Kevin Lau 
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Mark Rushakoff 
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Taeho Kim 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js

Author:Kevin Lau 
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:zwhitchcox 
grunt/tasks/browserify.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-12-04-react-js-conf-2016-diversity-scholarship.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Henry Wong 
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js

Author:zwhitchcox 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Zach Ramaekers 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/10-addons.md
docs/docs/10.10-shallow-compare.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md

Author:Remko Tronçon 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:jim 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Peter Newnham 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:zwhitchcox 
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.md

Author:Scott Feeney 
Author:Scott Feeney 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/shared/utils/ReactFeatureFlags.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Iurii Kucherov 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:xxin 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:jim 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jackie Wung 
starter/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Timur Carpeev 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Martin Hujer 
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/bench/bench-createclass.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:hejld 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.zh-CN.md

Author:Matthew 
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Kale 
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Tay Yang Shun 
docs/_js/examples/todo.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Martin Hujer 
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Kewei Jiang 
docs/_posts/2015-11-18-react-v0.14.3.md

Author:Jim 
Author:jim 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Tay Yang Shun 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-0.14.3.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-11-18-react-v0.14.3.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/bench/README.md
scripts/bench/analyze.py
scripts/bench/measure.py

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-dom.js
grunt/tasks/react-dom-server.js
grunt/tasks/react-dom.js
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:hejld 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Tay Yang Shun 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
.travis.yml
vendor/react-dom-server.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:jim 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentFlags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:hejld 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
Author:hejld 
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js

Author:Jim 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md
docs/docs/ref-09-webcomponents.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-10-glossary.md
examples/shared/thirdparty/webcomponents.js
examples/webcomponents/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.ko-KR.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.ko-KR.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:chico 
gulpfile.js
package.json

Author:Manas 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Dmitriy Rozhkov 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Hugo Agbonon 
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactSimpleEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Mattijs 
examples/basic-commonjs/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Tay Yang Shun 
docs/docs/12-context.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/12-context.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Nicholas Clawson 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Iurii Kucherov 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-dom.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js
packages/react/package.json

Author:Jim 
Author:jim 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Matt Stow 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.zh-CN.md

Author:Simone Vittori 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Brooks 
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:benhalpern 
docs/docs/conferences.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Andrew Clark 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Tay Yang Shun 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Jim 
Author:jj 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jon Hester 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json

Author:chico 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:chico 
package.json

Author:chico 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/compare_size.js
grunt/tasks/jsx.js

Author:chico 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/compare-size.js
grunt/tasks/jsx.js
package.json
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads/react-0.14.2.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-11-02-react-v0.14.2.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Arkist 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10-addons.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/12-context.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/videos.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.ko-KR.md

Author:chico 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js
src/shared/utils/getNativeComponentFromComposite.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ClientReactRootIndex.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ServerReactRootIndex.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMTreeTraversal-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMTreeTraversal.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInjection.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMComponentTree.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMComponentTree-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/AutoFocusUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponentFlags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js

Author:Kevin Robinson 
.eslintignore
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/react-dom-server.js
src/React.js
vendor/react-dom-server.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ali Ukani 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:conorhastings 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:csbok 
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/shared/utils/adler32.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
packages/react-dom/package.json

Author:Roman Pominov 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Sergey Rubanov 
package.json

Author:Ludovico Fischer 
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Henry Zhu 
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md

Author:Jim 
Author:chico 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Thomas Broadley 
scripts/jest/ts-preprocessor.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
README.md

Author:chico 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Alex Dajani 
src/addons/ReactFragment.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:Thomas Broadley 
scripts/jest/ts-preprocessor.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Alex Boatwright 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sławomir Laskowski 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:cpojer 
mocks/ReactElementTestChild.js
mocks/ReactMockedComponentTestComponent.js
package.json
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/shared/utils/canDefineProperty.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Thomas Broadley 
grunt/tasks/eslint.js

Author:cpojer 
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:cpojer 
package.json

Author:Alex Boatwright 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Nick Balestra 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:KwonH 
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
docs/_config.yml
docs/_posts/2015-10-28-react-v0.14.1.md
docs/downloads/react-0.14.1.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
.eslintignore
scripts/bench/README.md
scripts/bench/bench-pe-es5.js
scripts/bench/bench-pe.js
scripts/bench/extract-component.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Evan Vosberg 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintrc
scripts/jest/ts-preprocessor.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ram Kaniyur 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Ram Kaniyur 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Ants 
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/AutoFocusUtils.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:jpersson 
docs/_posts/2015-05-01-graphql-introduction.md

Author:Jonathan Persson 
docs/_posts/2015-05-01-graphql-introduction.md

Author:benhalpern 
docs/docs/conferences.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Patrick 
docs/docs/01-why-react.de-DE.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:translucens 
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Mark Sun 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Dean Shi 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
packages/react/README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMLazyTree.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:conorhastings 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Greg Hurrell 
docs/_posts/2015-03-19-building-the-facebook-news-feed-with-relay.md

Author:Jim 
Author:yiminghe 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:David Khourshid 
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.md

Author:kohashi85 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-09-10-react-v0.14-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2015-10-07-react-v0.14.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
packages/react-codemod/README.md
packages/react-codemod/package.json
packages/react-codemod/test/__tests__/transform-tests.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test2.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test2.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test3.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test3.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/export-default-class-test.js
packages/react-codemod/test/export-default-class-test.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/findDOMNode-test.js
packages/react-codemod/test/findDOMNode-test.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test2.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test2.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test3.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test3.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test4.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test4.output.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/class.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/findDOMNode.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/pure-render-mixin.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/react-to-react-dom.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/utils/ReactUtils.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/utils/array-polyfills.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul Benigeri 
docs/_posts/2015-10-19-reactiflux-is-moving-to-discord.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-10-19-reactiflux-is-moving-to-discord.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_data/authors.yml
docs/_posts/2015-10-19-reactiflux-is-moving-to-discord.md

Author:Jim 
Author:WanderWang 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
Author:Timothy Yung 
package.json

Author:Timothy Yung 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Rick Ford 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:conorhastings 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:jquense 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/blog/all.html

Author:Tom Duncalf 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventConstants.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ants 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Jim 
docs/_data/authors.yml
docs/_includes/blog_post.html
docs/_plugins/authors.rb
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md
docs/_posts/2015-10-01-react-render-and-top-level-api.md
docs/blog/all.html

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponentRegistry.js
src/shared/utils/ReactNodeTypes.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Alan Plum 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-10-07-react-v0.14.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Cameron Matheson 
package.json

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
README.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Vipul A M 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Jim 
Author:maxprafferty 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Baraa Hamodi 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/07-forms.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Alan Plum 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Matias Singers 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Matias Singers 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Baraa Hamodi 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/07-forms.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-ref-zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10-addons.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:Vipul A M 
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Jim 
Author:Adam Bloomston 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
docs/downloads.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMNamespaces.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMButton.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMContainerInfo.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/Danger-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md
docs/docs/12-context.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js

Author:Joshua Evans 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/tutorial.zh-CN.md

Author:Jim 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Matt Brookes 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Kevin Cheng 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Brenard Cubacub 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js

Author:songawee 
docs/_posts/2015-10-07-react-v0.14.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/shared/utils/canDefineProperty.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Cam Song 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Nick Presta 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/downloads.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-0.14.0.zip
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_data/acknowledgements.yml

Author:Mark Funk 
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-10-07-react-v0.14.md
packages/react-codemod/README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-10-07-react-v0.14.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-09-10-react-v0.14-rc1.md

Author:Cam Song 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/10-addons.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Jim 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Jim 
Author:David Greenspan 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Bradley Spaulding 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Jim 
docs/_js/examples/hello.js
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/_js/examples/timer.js
docs/_js/examples/todo.js
docs/_js/html-jsx.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/_posts/2015-10-01-react-render-and-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.it-IT.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.it-IT.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.it-IT.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.it-IT.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-ref-zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.it-IT.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.it-IT.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.md
docs/docs/getting-started.it-IT.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.it-IT.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/downloads.md
docs/js/react-dom.js
docs/js/react.js
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.md
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.md
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.md
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/test/createHierarchyRenderer.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:KimCoding 
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer-test.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:chico 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:claudiopro 
docs/docs/01-why-react.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.it-IT.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.it-IT.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.it-IT.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.it-IT.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.it-IT.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.it-IT.md
docs/docs/07-forms.it-IT.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.it-IT.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.it-IT.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10-addons.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.it-IT.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.it-IT.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.it-IT.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.it-IT.md
docs/docs/conferences.it-IT.md
docs/docs/examples.it-IT.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.it-IT.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.it-IT.md
docs/docs/getting-started.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.it-IT.md
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.it-IT.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.it-IT.md
docs/docs/tutorial.it-IT.md
docs/docs/videos.it-IT.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/joinClasses-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/joinClasses.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/memoizeStringOnly-test.js
src/shared/utils/memoizeStringOnly.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
docs/_data/authors.yml
docs/_posts/2015-10-01-react-render-and-top-level-api.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
Author:J. Andrew Brassington 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Jim 
Author:chico 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.zh-CN.md

Author:chico 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/perf-counters/Makefile
scripts/perf-counters/src/jsc-perf.cpp

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/_data/nav_tips.yml
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
package.json
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Edvin Erikson 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Trinh Hoang Nhu 
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json
scripts/jest/test-framework-setup.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Andrey Popp 
examples/basic-commonjs/package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Greg Perkins 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:James Friend 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/__tests__/ReactDefaultPerf-test.js

Author:Matt 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:cpojer 
packages/react-codemod/transforms/class.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/findDOMNode.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/pure-render-mixin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:JW 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Vipul A M 
docs/Gemfile.lock
docs/Rakefile
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/js/JSXTransformer.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_js/jsx-compiler.js
docs/css/react.scss
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/jsx-compiler.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Bradley Spaulding 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Fabio Costa 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInjection.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactRootIndex.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:zhangjg 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-ref-zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10-addons.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/server-rendering/README.md
examples/server-rendering/jsapp/package.json
examples/server-rendering/jsapp/src/App.js
examples/server-rendering/reactserver/package.json
examples/server-rendering/reactserver/server.js
examples/server-rendering/webapp/index.php
examples/server-rendering/webapp/static/NOTHING_HERE_YET

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/basic-commonjs/README.md
examples/basic-commonjs/index.html
examples/basic-commonjs/index.js
examples/basic-commonjs/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/basic-click-counter/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/example.js
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/example.js
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/jquery-bootstrap/index.html
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js
examples/jquery-mobile/index.html
examples/jquery-mobile/js/app.js
examples/quadratic/example.js
examples/quadratic/index.html
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/basic-click-counter/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/jquery-bootstrap/index.html
examples/quadratic/index.html
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/jquery-bootstrap/index.html
examples/jquery-mobile/index.html
examples/shared/css/bootstrap.min.css
examples/shared/css/jqm-demos.css
examples/shared/css/jquery.mobile.min.css
examples/shared/thirdparty/bootstrap.min.js
examples/shared/thirdparty/jquery.min.js
examples/shared/thirdparty/jquery.mobile.min.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/basic-commonjs/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/jquery-bootstrap/index.html
examples/jquery-mobile/index.html
examples/quadratic/index.html
examples/shared/thirdparty/console-polyfill.js
examples/shared/thirdparty/es5-sham.min.js
examples/shared/thirdparty/es5-shim.min.js
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.zh-CN.md

Author:Bradley Spaulding 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Bradley Spaulding 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Jim 
Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/07-forms.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Thomas Reggi 
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/test/getTestDocument.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml
package.json
scripts/jest/environment.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:JaeHunRo 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Saif Hakim 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMSelection.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Bradley Spaulding 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Robin Berjon 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Bradley Spaulding 
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Jaffe 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Glen Mailer 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/perf-counters/README.md
scripts/perf-counters/binding.gyp
scripts/perf-counters/index.js
scripts/perf-counters/package.json
scripts/perf-counters/src/perf-counters.cpp

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/perf-counters/src/hardware-counter.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/hardware-counter.h
scripts/perf-counters/src/portability.h
scripts/perf-counters/src/thread-local.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/thread-local.h

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/perf-counters/src/hardware-counter.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/hardware-counter.h
scripts/perf-counters/src/portability.h
scripts/perf-counters/src/thread-local.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/thread-local.h

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/perf-counters/src/hardware-counter.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/hardware-counter.h
scripts/perf-counters/src/portability.h
scripts/perf-counters/src/thread-local.cpp
scripts/perf-counters/src/thread-local.h

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-dom.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventIndependence-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser-zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/extractCode.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ignacio Carbajo 
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintrc
package.json
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paolo Moretti 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Frankie Bagnardi 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_includes/blog_post.html
docs/_plugins/authors.rb
docs/blog/all.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:arush 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:Andreas Savvides 
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.md

Author:Andreas Savvides 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Andreas Savvides 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Andreas Savvides 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Steven Luscher 
Author:andrewsokolov 
packages/react-codemod/README.md
packages/react-codemod/test/__tests__/transform-tests.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/class.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/findDOMNode.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/pure-render-mixin.js

Author:Steven Luscher 
docs/_posts/2015-09-14-community-roundup-27.md
docs/img/blog/relay-visual-architecture-tour.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md

Author:iamchenxin 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/js/jsfiddle-integration-babel.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:839 
docs/docs/10.9-perf.ja-JP.md

Author:Mike Nordick 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-09-10-react-v0.14-rc1.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_css/_typography.scss
docs/_posts/2015-09-10-react-v0.14-rc1.md
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/ReactVersion.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js
grunt/tasks/release.js
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Koo Youngmin 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/shared/utils/Transaction.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponentRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Steven Luscher 
docs/support.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js

Author:Daniel Rodgers-Pryor 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:PatrickJS 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
packages/react-codemod/transforms/react-to-react-dom.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/react-dom.js
src/React.js
vendor/react-dom.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/data/header-template-extended.txt
grunt/data/header-template-short.txt

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/version-check.js
src/React.js
src/ReactVersion.js
src/isomorphic/ReactIsomorphic.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServer.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jon Tewksbury 
packages/react-codemod/transforms/class.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Edvin Erikson 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jon Tewksbury 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:cpojer 
packages/react-codemod/package.json
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test.output.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/class.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js

Author:Charles Marsh 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jon Tewksbury 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.editorconfig

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:matchu 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-09-02-new-react-developer-tools.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
packages/react-codemod/README.md
packages/react-codemod/transforms/react-to-react-dom.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
packages/react/react.js
src/React.js
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/git/pre-commit

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/git/pre-commit

Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/jest/ts-preprocessor.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/React.d.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactDOM.d.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/ReactFragment.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintrc
grunt/config/browserify.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/class.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/utils/ReactUtils.js
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/adler32-test.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Michelle Todd 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
gulpfile.js
package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/check-dev-engines.js
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Henrik Nyh 
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Olivier Tassinari 
src/shared/utils/__tests__/adler32-test.js

Author:Yuichi Hagio 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Niole Nelson 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
.eslintrc

Author:Andreas Savvides 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Edvin Erikson 
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/sliceChildren.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Leon Yip 
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.md

Author:Leon Yip 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:Leon Yip 
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md

Author:Leon Yip 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Leon Yip 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Leon Yip 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ning Xia 
docs/support.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Ning Xia 
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPropagators.js

Author:Ning Xia 
docs/support.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Espen Hovlandsdal 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Kyle Kelley 
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/__tests__/ReactDOMProduction-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Daniel Rodgers-Pryor 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Tyler Brock 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
scripts/check-dev-engines.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventConstants.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Levi Buzolic 
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMFeatureFlags.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Yasar icli 
examples/jquery-bootstrap/index.html
examples/jquery-mobile/index.html
examples/shared/css/bootstrap.min.css
examples/shared/css/jqm-demos.css
examples/shared/css/jquery.mobile.min.css
examples/shared/thirdparty/bootstrap.min.js
examples/shared/thirdparty/jquery.mobile.min.js

Author:Mikolaj Dadela 
docs/docs/10.9-perf.md

Author:Edvin Erikson 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Edvin Erikson 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
packages/react-codemod/transforms/utils/ReactUtils.js

Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:cpojer 
packages/react-codemod/README.md
packages/react-codemod/test/export-default-class-test.js
packages/react-codemod/test/export-default-class-test.output.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/class.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/utils/ReactUtils.js

Author:Merrick Christensen 
packages/react-codemod/test/__tests__/transform-tests.js
packages/react-codemod/test/export-default-class-test.js
packages/react-codemod/test/export-default-class-test.output.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/class.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/utils/ReactUtils.js

Author:Jorrit Schippers 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ja-JP.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Hekar Khani 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Matthew Johnston 
docs/_posts/2015-08-13-reacteurope-roundup.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:MIKAMI Yoshiyuki 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md

Author:Igor Scekic 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/tips/01-introduction.ja-JP.md

Author:li.li 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-08-11-relay-technical-preview.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jared Forsyth 
docs/_posts/2015-08-03-new-react-devtools-beta.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ja-JP.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/ReactIsomorphic.js
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactOwner.js

Author:Joseph Savona 
docs/_posts/2015-08-11-relay-technical-preview.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintrc
docs/_js/examples/.eslintrc
eslint-rules/__tests__/warning-and-invariant-args-test.js
grunt/config/npm.js
grunt/tasks/release.js
package.json
packages/react-dom/index.js
packages/react-dom/server.js
packages/react/addons.js
scripts/jest/environment.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Jared Forsyth 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStatelessComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js

Author:J. Renée Beach 
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:youmoo 
docs/_posts/2015-05-01-graphql-introduction.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Marjan 
docs/js/react.js

Author:Marjan 
docs/js/react.js
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
Gruntfile.js
README.md

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Vadim Chernysh 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Sibi 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jared Forsyth 
docs/_data/authors.yml
docs/_posts/2015-08-03-new-react-devtools-beta.md
docs/css/react.scss
docs/img/blog/devtools-full.gif
docs/img/blog/devtools-search.gif
docs/img/blog/devtools-side-pane.gif
docs/img/blog/devtools-tree-view.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Mike Groseclose 
docs/docs/01-why-react.md

Author:Samy Al Zahrani 
packages/react/addons.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Scott Burch 
packages/react/react.js

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.ko-KR.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventConstants.js

Author:Scott Burch 
packages/react/react.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:cpojer 
packages/react-codemod/.npmignore
packages/react-codemod/README.md
packages/react-codemod/package.json
packages/react-codemod/react-codemod
packages/react-codemod/transforms/class.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/findDOMNode.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/pure-render-mixin.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Alastair Hole 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-tools.js
npm-react-tools/README.md
npm-react-tools/bin/jsx
npm-react-tools/main.js
npm-react-tools/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/npm-react-tools.js
npm-react-tools/bin/jsx
npm-react-tools/main.js
npm-react-tools/package.json
package.json
packages/react/package.json

Author:Jim 
Author:blainekasten 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventConstants.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.9-perf.ja-JP.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
package.json

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
gulpfile.js
package.json
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/shallowEqual-test.js
src/shared/utils/shallowEqual.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.ja-JP.md

Author:Kevin Coughlin 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Domenico Matteo 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Victor Alvarez 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/videos.ko-KR.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Domenico Matteo 
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.7-update.ja-JP.md

Author:Michael Ridgway 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBindOptout-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/browserify.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/jest.js
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
bin/jsx-internal
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
gulpfile.js
jest/preprocessor.js
package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react/package.json
scripts/jest/environment.js
scripts/jest/jest.d.ts
scripts/jest/preprocessor.js
scripts/jest/ts-preprocessor.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/shared/vendor/README.md
src/shared/vendor/core/CSSCore.js
src/shared/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.js
src/shared/vendor/core/TouchEventUtils.js
src/shared/vendor/core/camelize.js
src/shared/vendor/core/camelizeStyleName.js
src/shared/vendor/core/createArrayFromMixed.js
src/shared/vendor/core/createNodesFromMarkup.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/containsNode.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/focusNode.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/getActiveElement.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/getUnboundedScrollPosition.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/isNode.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/isTextNode.js
src/shared/vendor/core/emptyFunction.js
src/shared/vendor/core/emptyObject.js
src/shared/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js
src/shared/vendor/core/hyphenate.js
src/shared/vendor/core/hyphenateStyleName.js
src/shared/vendor/core/invariant.js
src/shared/vendor/core/mapObject.js
src/shared/vendor/core/monitorCodeUse.js
src/shared/vendor/core/nativeRequestAnimationFrame.js
src/shared/vendor/core/requestAnimationFrame.js
src/shared/vendor/core/toArray.js
src/shared/vendor/core/warning.js
src/shared/vendor/key-mirror/__tests__/keyMirror-test.js
src/shared/vendor/key-mirror/keyMirror.js
src/shared/vendor/key-mirror/keyOf.js
src/shared/vendor/performance/performance.js
src/shared/vendor/performance/performanceNow.js
src/shared/vendor/stubs/EventListener.js
vendor/constants.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Vasiliy Loginevskiy 
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md

Author:Kevin Coughlin 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ja-JP.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
packages/react-dom/index.js
packages/react/react.js
src/React.js
src/isomorphic/ReactIsomorphic.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDOMFactories.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOM.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Jim 
Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.ko-KR.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Domenico Matteo 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/shared/utils/__tests__/adler32-test.js
src/shared/utils/adler32.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Richard Feldman 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactOwner.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/07-forms.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:dongmeng.ldm 
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jason Bonta 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/shared/utils/Transaction.js
src/shared/vendor/stubs/EventListener.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Jim 
examples/basic-jsx/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
src/test/MetaMatchers.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/MetaMatchers-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js
src/test/createHierarchyRenderer.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js
bin/jsx-internal
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/config/jsx.js
grunt/config/populist.js
grunt/config/server.js
grunt/config/webdriver-all.js
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/tasks/coverage-parse.js
grunt/tasks/download-previous-version.js
grunt/tasks/populist.js
grunt/tasks/sauce-tunnel.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-all.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-phantomjs.js
package.json
src/test/all.js
src/test/mock-modules.js
src/test/mock-timers.js
src/test/mocks.js
src/test/phantomjs-shims.js
test/.eslintrc
test/index.html
test/lib/jasmine-execute.js
test/lib/postDataToURL.browser.js
test/lib/reportTestResults.browser.js
vendor/jasmine-jsreporter/jasmine-jsreporter.js
vendor/jasmine/HtmlReporter.js
vendor/jasmine/PrintReporter.js
vendor/jasmine/ReporterView.js
vendor/jasmine/SpecView.js
vendor/jasmine/SuiteView.js
vendor/jasmine/all.js
vendor/jasmine/console.js
vendor/jasmine/diff.js
vendor/jasmine/jasmine-html.js
vendor/jasmine/jasmine-support.js
vendor/jasmine/jasmine.css
vendor/jasmine/jasmine.js
vendor/jasmine/phantom.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Chris Ha 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.ja-JP.md

Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:eriklharper 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Andreas Savvides 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md

Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.ja-JP.md

Author:eriklharper 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Jim 
Author:sugarshin 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ja-JP.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Joe Stein 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Victor Alvarez 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Masaki KOBAYASHI 
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Masaki KOBAYASHI 
docs/docs/07-forms.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/10-addons.ja-JP.md

Author:Masaki KOBAYASHI 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ja-JP.md

Author:Masaki KOBAYASHI 
examples/basic-click-counter/index.html
examples/basic-commonjs/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/quadratic/index.html
examples/server-rendering/webapp/index.php
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/10-addons.ja-JP.md

Author:Masaki KOBAYASHI 
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/index.md
docs/jsx-compiler.md
examples/jquery-bootstrap/index.html
examples/jquery-mobile/index.html

Author:himkt 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Masaki KOBAYASHI 
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:laiso 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Daniel Cousens 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.ja-JP.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/test-eslint-rules.js
package.json

Author:Eric O'Connell 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/test-eslint-rules.js
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Eric O'Connell 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Eric O'Connell 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Eric O'Connell 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ja-JP.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Eric O'Connell 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:James Long 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Murray M. Moss 
packages/react/addons.js

Author:Murray M. Moss 
packages/react/addons.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Devon Harvey 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Richard Wood 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Frankie Bagnardi 
docs/_posts/2015-07-03-react-v0.14-beta-1.md

Author:Kevin Coughlin 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/07-forms.ja-JP.md

Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Darío Javier Cravero 
docs/_posts/2015-07-03-react-v0.14-beta-1.md

Author:Richard Wood 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Richard Wood 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Joshua Go 
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md

Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
.gitignore

Author:Vasiliy 
examples/shared/css/base.css

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-07-03-react-v0.14-beta-1.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Levi Buzolic 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-07-03-react-v0.14-beta-1.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json
packages/react-addons/package.json
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react/package.json
src/React.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ja-JP.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js
package.json
packages/react/addons.js
packages/react/addons/CSSTransitionGroup.js
packages/react/addons/LinkedStateMixin.js
packages/react/addons/Perf.js
packages/react/addons/PureRenderMixin.js
packages/react/addons/TestUtils.js
packages/react/addons/TransitionGroup.js
packages/react/addons/batchedUpdates.js
packages/react/addons/cloneWithProps.js
packages/react/addons/createFragment.js
packages/react/addons/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
packages/react/addons/shallowCompare.js
packages/react/addons/update.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMClient.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
Author:Kamron Batman 
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Jim 
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ja-JP.md

Author:Jan Raasch 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Cory House 
docs/docs/10-addons.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Andres Kalle 
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.md

Author:Alex Smith 
examples/basic-click-counter/index.html

Author:Alex Smith 
examples/basic-click-counter/index.html

Author:Alex Smith 
examples/basic-click-counter/index.html

Author:Jim 
Author:Baraa Hamodi 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
test/index.html
test/lib/jasmine-execute.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ja-JP.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ja-JP.md

Author:Matthew King 
Gruntfile.js
gem-react-source/lib/react/source.rb
gem-react-source/react-source.gemspec
grunt/tasks/gem-react-source.js
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.ja-JP.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.md

Author:Alex Smith 
examples/basic-click-counter/Index.html

Author:Baraa Hamodi 
package.json

Author:Jim 
Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Alex Smith 
.gitignore
examples/basic-click-counter/Index.html

Author:Alex Smith 
examples/basic-click-counter/Index.html

Author:Alex Smith 
examples/basic-click-counter/Index.html

Author:Alex Smith 
examples/click-counter/Index.html

Author:Alex Smith 
examples/click-counter/Index.html

Author:Alex Smith 
.gitignore

Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ja-JP.md

Author:li.li 
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Frankie Bagnardi 
.travis.yml

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js

Author:Antonio Ruberto 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Antonio Ruberto 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Battaile Fauber 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:yiminghe 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Tay Yang Shun 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:yiminghe 
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/ChangeEventPlugin-test.js

Author:David Percy 
docs/docs/10.7-update.md

Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ja-JP.md

Author:Jim 
Author:JD Isaacks 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactInstanceHandles.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMClient.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:oluckyman 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:oluckyman 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Daniel Friesen 
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js

Author:Daniel Friesen 
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-addons.js
grunt/tasks/version-check.js
packages/react-addons/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMClient.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-05-01-graphql-introduction.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
Author:Johannes Lumpe 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactLifeCycle.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactLifeCycle.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactCurrentOwner.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/shared/vendor/third_party/webcomponents.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactNoopUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
grunt/tasks/npm-react-dom.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js
grunt/tasks/version-check.js
packages/jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/.gitignore
packages/jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/README.md
packages/jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/package.json
packages/jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/run.js
packages/jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/transforms/react.js
packages/react-codemod/.npmignore
packages/react-codemod/README.md
packages/react-codemod/package.json
packages/react-codemod/react-codemod
packages/react-codemod/test/__tests__/transform-tests.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test2.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test2.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test3.js
packages/react-codemod/test/class-test3.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/findDOMNode-test.js
packages/react-codemod/test/findDOMNode-test.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test2.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test2.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test3.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test3.output.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test4.js
packages/react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test4.output.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/class.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/findDOMNode.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/pure-render-mixin.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/utils/ReactUtils.js
packages/react-codemod/transforms/utils/array-polyfills.js
packages/react-dom/README.md
packages/react-dom/index.js
packages/react-dom/package.json
packages/react-dom/server.js
packages/react/README.md
packages/react/addons.js
packages/react/addons/CSSTransitionGroup.js
packages/react/addons/LinkedStateMixin.js
packages/react/addons/Perf.js
packages/react/addons/PureRenderMixin.js
packages/react/addons/TestUtils.js
packages/react/addons/TransitionGroup.js
packages/react/addons/batchedUpdates.js
packages/react/addons/cloneWithProps.js
packages/react/addons/createFragment.js
packages/react/addons/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
packages/react/addons/shallowCompare.js
packages/react/addons/update.js
packages/react/package.json
packages/react/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDOM.js
src/shared/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/shared/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/shared/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js

Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/jsx.js
npm-react/react.js
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Ingvar Stepanyan 
docs/_posts/2015-06-12-deprecating-jstransform-and-react-tools.md

Author:Luke Horvat 
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/shared/utils/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:alexpien 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-dom.js
grunt/tasks/version-check.js
npm-react-dom/README.md
npm-react-dom/index.js
npm-react-dom/package.json
npm-react-dom/server.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/01-why-react.ja-JP.md

Author:Cristovao Verstraeten 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Prathamesh Sonpatki 
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Carter Chung 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Dustan Kasten 
docs/_posts/2015-06-12-deprecating-jstransform-and-react-tools.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-06-12-deprecating-jstransform-and-react-tools.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Kevin Huang 
README.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.ko-KR.md

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
Author:Anuj Tomar 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore

Author:yiminghe 
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:yiminghe 
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jeff Hicken 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Tomasz Kołodziejski 
src/shared/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js

Author:Jim 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Kohei TAKATA 
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md

Author:yiminghe 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Scott Feeney 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Basarat Ali Syed 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:David Baker 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/ReactFragment.js

Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
npm-react/README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
Author:Jason Quense 
npm-react/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
package.json
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Jason Quense 
npm-react/README.md

Author:Andreas Savvides 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Tomasz Kołodziejski 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/shared/utils/isTextInputElement.js

Author:Basarat Ali Syed 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.eslintrc
grunt/tasks/eslint.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
.eslintrc
eslint-rules/README.md
eslint-rules/index.js
eslint-rules/package.json
grunt/tasks/eslint.js
package.json

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LocalEventTrapMixin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMForm.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMIframe.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMImg.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/LocalEventTrapMixin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
package.json

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
eslint-rules/__tests__/warning-and-invariant-args-test.js
eslint-rules/warning-and-invariant-args.js
src/shared/vendor/core/warning.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMButton.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Edvin Erikson 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Edvin Erikson 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
eslint-rules/__tests__/warning-and-invariant-args-test.js
eslint-rules/warning-and-invariant-args.js

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
.eslintrc
package.json
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
.eslintrc
docs/_js/examples/.eslintrc
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/jshint.js
package.json
src/.jshintrc
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventModifierState.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMForm.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
.eslintrc
Gruntfile.js
eslint-rules/__tests__/warning-and-invariant-args-test.js
eslint-rules/warning-and-invariant-args.js
grunt/tasks/eslint.js
grunt/tasks/test-eslint-rules.js
package.json
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactInstanceHandles.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LinkedValueUtils.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/createFullPageComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
npm-react-codemod/transforms/class.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/findDOMNode.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/pure-render-mixin.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/utils/ReactUtils.js

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
.eslintrc
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/config/compare_size.js
grunt/config/compress.js
grunt/config/jshint.js
grunt/config/jsx.js
grunt/config/populist.js
grunt/config/server.js
grunt/config/webdriver-all.js
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/eslint.js
grunt/tasks/gem-react-source.js
grunt/tasks/jsx.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-tools.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js
grunt/tasks/npm.js
grunt/tasks/populist.js
grunt/tasks/release.js
jest/preprocessor.js
jest/ts-preprocessor.js
main.js
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/run.js
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/link/LinkedStateMixin.js
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/update.js
src/isomorphic/ReactIsomorphic.js
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDOM.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/OrderedMap.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMClient.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServer.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ClientReactRootIndex.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/ViewportMetrics.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventKey.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventModifierState.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/AutoFocusUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LocalEventTrapMixin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMButton.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMForm.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMIframe.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMImg.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/LocalEventTrapMixin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/createFullPageComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ServerReactRootIndex.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventConstants.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactInstanceMap.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactLifeCycle.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactRootIndex.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactStateSetters.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/shared/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js
src/shared/utils/Transaction.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/shared/utils/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
src/shared/utils/isTextInputElement.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
test/lib/reportTestResults.browser.js
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/constants.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js

Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Wildhoney 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/AutoFocusUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMButton.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactContext.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
.eslintignore
.eslintrc
npm-react/addons.js
package.json
src/addons/__tests__/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Don Abrams 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Arian Faurtosh 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
examples/server-rendering/webapp/index.php

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:thorn0 
examples/basic-commonjs/package.json

Author:jrobison 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
docs/_posts/2013-06-02-jsfiddle-integration.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-19-community-roundup-2.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md

Author:Benjamin Woodruff 
.eslintrc
grunt/tasks/eslint.js
grunt/tasks/release.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/class.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/findDOMNode.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/pure-render-mixin.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/utils/ReactUtils.js
package.json
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/React.js

Author:Jim 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/cloneWithProps.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Jamis Charles 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Gruntfile.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/test/worker.js
test/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Alan Souza 
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
test/index.html

Author:Tim Routowicz 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Tim Routowicz 
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2015-05-22-react-native-release-process.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Julen Ruiz Aizpuru 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
vendor/constants.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_data/authors.yml
docs/_includes/blog_post.html
docs/_layouts/post.html
docs/_posts/2013-06-02-jsfiddle-integration.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-12-community-roundup.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-19-community-roundup-2.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-21-react-v0-3-3.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-27-community-roundup-3.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-02-react-v0-4-autobind-by-default.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-11-react-v0-4-prop-validation-and-default-values.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-17-react-v0-4-0.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-26-react-v0-4-1.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-30-use-react-and-jsx-in-ruby-on-rails.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-05-community-roundup-6.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-19-use-react-and-jsx-in-python-applications.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-26-community-roundup-7.md
docs/_posts/2013-09-24-community-roundup-8.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-16-react-v0.5.0.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-29-react-v0-5-1.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-3-community-roundup-9.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-06-community-roundup-10.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-18-community-roundup-11.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-18-react-v0.5.2-v0.4.2.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-19-react-v0.8.0.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-23-community-roundup-12.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-30-community-roundup-13.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-02-react-chrome-developer-tools.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-05-community-roundup-15.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-15-community-roundup-16.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-16-react-v0.9-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-20-react-v0.9.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-24-community-roundup-17.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-14-community-roundup-18.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-19-react-v0.10-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-21-react-v0.10.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-28-the-road-to-1.0.md
docs/_posts/2014-04-04-reactnet.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-29-one-year-of-open-source-react.md
docs/_posts/2014-06-27-community-roundup-19.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-13-react-v0.11-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-17-react-v0.11.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-25-react-v0.11.1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-30-flux-actions-and-the-dispatcher.md
docs/_posts/2014-08-03-community-roundup-21.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-03-introducing-the-jsx-specification.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-12-community-round-up-22.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-16-react-v0.11.2.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-24-testing-flux-applications.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-14-introducing-react-elements.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-16-react-v0.12-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-17-community-roundup-23.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-27-react-js-conf.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-28-react-v0.12.md
docs/_posts/2014-11-24-react-js-conf-updates.md
docs/_posts/2014-11-25-community-roundup-24.md
docs/_posts/2014-12-18-react-v0.12.2.md
docs/_posts/2014-12-19-react-js-conf-diversity-scholarship.md
docs/_posts/2015-01-27-react-v0.13.0-beta-1.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-20-introducing-relay-and-graphql.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-react-v0.13-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-streamlining-react-elements.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-03-react-v0.13-rc2.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-04-community-roundup-25.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-10-react-v0.13.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-16-react-v0.13.1.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-19-building-the-facebook-news-feed-with-relay.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-26-introducing-react-native.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-30-community-roundup-26.md
docs/_posts/2015-04-17-react-native-v0.4.md
docs/_posts/2015-04-18-react-v0.13.2.md
docs/_posts/2015-05-01-graphql-introduction.md
docs/_posts/2015-05-08-react-v0.13.3.md
docs/blog/all.html
docs/blog/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-0.13.3.zip
docs/js/JSXTransformer.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-05-08-react-v0.13.3.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sławomir Laskowski 
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/React.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/10.7-update.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Thomas Röggla 
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
bin/jsx-internal
jest/preprocessor.js

Author:Baraa Hamodi 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Gareth Nicholson 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/01-introduction.ko-KR.md

Author:Glen Mailer 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
.eslintignore
grunt/config/jsx.js
grunt/tasks/version-check.js
jest/preprocessor.js
src/React.js
src/addons/ReactWithAddons.js
src/isomorphic/ReactIsomorphic.js
src/isomorphic/children/ReactChildren.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/isomorphic/children/onlyChild.js
src/isomorphic/children/sliceChildren.js
src/isomorphic/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactDOM.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/isomorphic/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/OrderedMap.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/__tests__/joinClasses-test.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/cloneWithProps.js
src/isomorphic/deprecated/joinClasses.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/React.d.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/types/__tests__/ReactFlowPropTypes-test.js
src/isomorphic/modern/types/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptPropTypes-test.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMClient.js
src/renderers/dom/ReactDOMServer.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ClientReactRootIndex.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactEventListener.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactInputSelection.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactMount.js
src/renderers/dom/client/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/findDOMNode.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/ViewportMetrics.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventCharCode.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventKey.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventModifierState.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getEventTarget.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/isEventSupported.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/setInnerHTML.js
src/renderers/dom/client/utils/setTextContent.js
src/renderers/dom/client/validateDOMNesting.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/AutoFocusMixin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/LocalEventTrapMixin.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMButton.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMForm.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMIframe.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMImg.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMInput.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMOption.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/LocalEventTrapMixin-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/renderers/dom/client/wrappers/createFullPageComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/renderers/dom/server/ServerReactRootIndex.js
src/renderers/dom/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMProperty.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/Danger.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/ReactInjection.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/renderers/dom/shared/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventConstants.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/renderers/shared/event/EventPropagators.js
src/renderers/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/renderers/shared/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactContext.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactInstanceMap.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactLifeCycle.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChild.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactOwner.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactReconciler.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactRef.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactRootIndex.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactStateSetters.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/ReactUpdates.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/renderers/shared/reconciler/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/shared/stubs/Object.assign.js
src/shared/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/shared/utils/PooledClass.js
src/shared/utils/Transaction.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/memoizeStringOnly-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/shallowEqual-test.js
src/shared/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/shared/utils/accumulate.js
src/shared/utils/accumulateInto.js
src/shared/utils/adler32.js
src/shared/utils/deprecated.js
src/shared/utils/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
src/shared/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/shared/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
src/shared/utils/getIteratorFn.js
src/shared/utils/isTextInputElement.js
src/shared/utils/memoizeStringOnly.js
src/shared/utils/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js
src/shared/utils/shallowEqual.js
src/shared/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
src/shared/vendor/README.md
src/shared/vendor/core/CSSCore.js
src/shared/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.js
src/shared/vendor/core/TouchEventUtils.js
src/shared/vendor/core/camelize.js
src/shared/vendor/core/camelizeStyleName.js
src/shared/vendor/core/createArrayFromMixed.js
src/shared/vendor/core/createNodesFromMarkup.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/containsNode.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/focusNode.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/getActiveElement.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/getUnboundedScrollPosition.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/isNode.js
src/shared/vendor/core/dom/isTextNode.js
src/shared/vendor/core/emptyFunction.js
src/shared/vendor/core/emptyObject.js
src/shared/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js
src/shared/vendor/core/hyphenate.js
src/shared/vendor/core/hyphenateStyleName.js
src/shared/vendor/core/invariant.js
src/shared/vendor/core/mapObject.js
src/shared/vendor/core/monitorCodeUse.js
src/shared/vendor/core/nativeRequestAnimationFrame.js
src/shared/vendor/core/requestAnimationFrame.js
src/shared/vendor/core/toArray.js
src/shared/vendor/core/warning.js
src/shared/vendor/key-mirror/__tests__/keyMirror-test.js
src/shared/vendor/key-mirror/keyMirror.js
src/shared/vendor/key-mirror/keyOf.js
src/shared/vendor/performance/performance.js
src/shared/vendor/performance/performanceNow.js
src/shared/vendor/stubs/EventListener.js
src/shared/vendor/stubs/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/shared/vendor/third_party/webcomponents.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:wali-s 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Elaine Fang 
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-19-building-the-facebook-news-feed-with-relay.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Matthias Le Brun 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMOption-test.js

Author:Morhaus 
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Baraa Hamodi 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
bin/jsx-internal
docs/Rakefile
jest/preprocessor.js
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
CONTRIBUTING.md
docs/support.md
docs/tips/01-introduction.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/js/es5-sham.min.js
docs/js/es5-shim.min.js
docs/js/html5shiv.min.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Chris Rebert 
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Chase Adams 
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Eduardo Garcia 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:David Neubauer 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:chico 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/ui/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/Danger.js
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/utils/adler32.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Eric Eastwood 
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:David Goldberg 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js

Author:Yakov Dalinchuk 
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js

Author:Sergey R 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Federico Rampazzo 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOMSVG-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
main.js
package.json
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/fbtransform/.eslintrc
vendor/fbtransform/syntax.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/jsx-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-displayName-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/jsx.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js
vendor/inline-source-map.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Tomasz Kołodziejski 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
bin/jsx-internal
grunt/config/jsx.js
package.json
vendor/constants.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Tsung Hung 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/10-addons.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/config/browserify.js
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
bin/jsx-internal
jest/preprocessor.js
package.json
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js
src/test/mocks.js

Author:Henry Zhu 
src/browser/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/findDOMNode.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactEventListener.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventCharCode.js
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/mocks.js
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/Transaction.js
src/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
src/utils/joinClasses.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Daniel Hejl 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-05-01-graphql-introduction.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-05-01-graphql-introduction.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-05-01-graphql-introduction.md
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Jim 
Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Jim 
docs/_posts/2013-09-24-community-roundup-8.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-23-community-roundup-12.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Dustan Kasten 
npm-react/addons.js
npm-react/addons/CSSTransitionGroup.js
npm-react/addons/LinkedStateMixin.js
npm-react/addons/Perf.js
npm-react/addons/PureRenderMixin.js
npm-react/addons/TestUtils.js
npm-react/addons/TransitionGroup.js
npm-react/addons/batchedUpdates.js
npm-react/addons/cloneWithProps.js
npm-react/addons/createFragment.js
npm-react/addons/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
npm-react/addons/shallowCompare.js
npm-react/addons/update.js
npm-react/package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:James Burnett 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/validateDOMNesting.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Elaine Fang 
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:katzoo 
examples/quadratic/example.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml
package.json

Author:Jim 
Author:Shota Kubota 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:alexpien 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:alexpien 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js

Author:codesuki 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js

Author:Jim 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Victor Koenders 
src/core/ReactChildReconciler.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Jack Zhang 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Chris Grovers 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js

Author:Matthew Miner 
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.ko-KR.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:mheiber 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/addons/__tests__/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/addons/renderSubtreeIntoContainer.js
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.md
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Scott Feeney 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jon Scott Clark 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Scott Feeney 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/ReactRAFBatchingStrategy.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:James South 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md

Author:Tobias Reiss 
src/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Reed Loden 
CHANGELOG.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md
docs/_config.yml
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/_posts/2013-06-02-jsfiddle-integration.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-12-community-roundup.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-19-community-roundup-2.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-27-community-roundup-3.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-02-react-v0-4-autobind-by-default.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-17-react-v0-4-0.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-05-community-roundup-6.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-26-community-roundup-7.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-06-community-roundup-10.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-18-community-roundup-11.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-18-react-v0.5.2-v0.4.2.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-23-community-roundup-12.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-30-community-roundup-13.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-02-react-chrome-developer-tools.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-05-community-roundup-15.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-15-community-roundup-16.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-16-react-v0.9-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-20-react-v0.9.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-24-community-roundup-17.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-14-community-roundup-18.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-19-react-v0.10-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-21-react-v0.10.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-28-the-road-to-1.0.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-29-one-year-of-open-source-react.md
docs/_posts/2014-06-27-community-roundup-19.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-13-react-v0.11-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-17-react-v0.11.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-25-react-v0.11.1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-30-flux-actions-and-the-dispatcher.md
docs/_posts/2014-08-03-community-roundup-21.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-03-introducing-the-jsx-specification.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-12-community-round-up-22.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-16-react-v0.11.2.md
docs/_posts/2014-09-24-testing-flux-applications.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-14-introducing-react-elements.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-16-react-v0.12-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-17-community-roundup-23.md
docs/_posts/2014-10-28-react-v0.12.md
docs/_posts/2014-11-25-community-roundup-24.md
docs/_posts/2014-12-18-react-v0.12.2.md
docs/_posts/2014-12-19-react-js-conf-diversity-scholarship.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-20-introducing-relay-and-graphql.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-react-v0.13-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-03-react-v0.13-rc2.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-04-community-roundup-25.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-10-react-v0.13.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-16-react-v0.13.1.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-19-building-the-facebook-news-feed-with-relay.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-26-introducing-react-native.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-30-community-roundup-26.md
docs/acknowledgements.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md
docs/docs/conferences.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/conferences.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/videos.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/videos.md
docs/downloads.md
docs/img/blog/gpu-cursor-move.gif
docs/index.md
docs/support.md
docs/tips/01-introduction.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/01-introduction.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.md
examples/README.md
examples/basic-commonjs/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/quadratic/index.html
examples/transitions/index.html
npm-react-tools/README.md
npm-react/README.md
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
starter/README.md

Author:Adam Zapletal 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-04-18-react-v0.13.2.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-04-18-react-v0.13.2.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-0.13.2.zip
docs/js/JSXTransformer.js
docs/js/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Jon Scott Clark 
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2015-04-17-react-native-v0.4.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2015-04-17-react-native-v0.4.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md

Author:Leonardo YongUk Kim 
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.ko-KR.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Alex 
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Michael Ridgway 
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ilya Shuklin 
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/index.md
docs/js/marked.min.js
docs/js/showdown.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Michael Ridgway 
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Serg 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/tasks/version-check.js
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
PATENTS

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Gregory 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/browser/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/SelectEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/01-why-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.ko-KR.md

Author:Leonardo YongUk Kim 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.ko-KR.md

Author:Leonardo YongUk Kim 
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.ko-KR.md

Author:Leonardo YongUk Kim 
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.ko-KR.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jordan Harband 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Teodor Szente 
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Teodor Szente 
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
npm-react-tools/README.md

Author:Gareth Nicholson 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/ReactDoNotBindDeprecated.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:David Mininger 
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:cpojer 
npm-react-codemod/test/__tests__/transform-tests.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/class.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/findDOMNode.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/pure-render-mixin.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/utils/ReactUtils.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/utils/array-polyfills.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Baraa Hamodi 
Author:Baraa Hamodi 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js

Author:Baraa Hamodi 
Author:Baraa Hamodi 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js

Author:Jason 
npm-react-tools/README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Jim 
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactContext.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jan Kassens 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md

Author:Maxi Ferreira 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Seyi Adebajo 
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md

Author:Seyi Adebajo 
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactPutListenerQueue.js
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Michael Warner 
docs/docs/01-why-react.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Robert Knight 
grunt/tasks/version-check.js
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js
src/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
src/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Murad 
src/utils/shallowEqual.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Murad 
src/utils/shallowEqual.js

Author:Murad 
src/utils/shallowEqual.js

Author:iamdoron 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jeff Chan 
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/update.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Leonardo YongUk Kim 
docs/tips/19-dangerously-set-inner-html.md

Author:凌恒 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:凌恒 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:凌恒 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:凌恒 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ahmad Wali Sidiqi 
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js
src/event/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/event/eventPlugins/ResponderSyntheticEvent.js
src/event/eventPlugins/ResponderTouchHistoryStore.js
src/event/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:James 
src/browser/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/ui/ReactEventListener.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/utils/CallbackQueue.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/jsx-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-displayName-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml

Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml

Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-03-30-community-roundup-26.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
.eslintignore
.gitignore
.travis.yml
docs/_config.yml

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:jonchester 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2015-03-30-community-roundup-26.md
docs/img/blog/hacker-news-react-native.png
docs/img/blog/modus-create.gif
docs/img/blog/parse-react.jpg
docs/img/blog/property-finder.png
docs/img/blog/tcomb-react-native.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Prathamesh Sonpatki 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Gruntfile.js
docs/js/JSXTransformer.js
docs/js/react.js
grunt/config/copy.js
grunt/tasks/release.js
package.json

Author:Russ 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
README.md

Author:James Pearce 
README.md

Author:James Pearce 
README.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10-addons.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/videos.ko-KR.md

Author:jiyeonseo 
docs/tips/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/tips/17-children-undefined-ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.ko-KR.md

Author:Ted Kim 
docs/tips/01-introduction.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.ko-KR.md
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md

Author:Tony Spiro 
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ustin Zarubin 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/index.md

Author:Mert Kahyaoğlu 
src/core/ReactCurrentOwner.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/index.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-03-26-introducing-react-native.md

Author:Grant Timmerman 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Grant Timmerman 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/validateDOMNesting.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Alex Lopatin 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/__tests__/validateDOMNesting-test.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/validateDOMNesting.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:cpojer 
npm-react-codemod/package.json
npm-react-codemod/test/class-test3.output.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/class.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:cpojer 
npm-react-codemod/README.md

Author:cpojer 
npm-react-codemod/README.md
npm-react-codemod/test/__tests__/transform-tests.js
npm-react-codemod/test/class-test.js
npm-react-codemod/test/class-test.output.js
npm-react-codemod/test/class-test2.js
npm-react-codemod/test/class-test2.output.js
npm-react-codemod/test/class-test3.js
npm-react-codemod/test/class-test3.output.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/class.js

Author:cpojer 
npm-react-codemod/README.md
npm-react-codemod/test/__tests__/transform-tests.js
npm-react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test.js
npm-react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test.output.js
npm-react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test2.js
npm-react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test2.output.js
npm-react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test3.js
npm-react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test3.output.js
npm-react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test4.js
npm-react-codemod/test/pure-render-mixin-test4.output.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/pure-render-mixin.js

Author:cpojer 
npm-react-codemod/README.md
npm-react-codemod/test/__tests__/transform-tests.js
npm-react-codemod/test/findDOMNode-test.js
npm-react-codemod/test/findDOMNode-test.output.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/findDOMNode.js

Author:cpojer 
npm-react-codemod/transforms/utils/ReactUtils.js
npm-react-codemod/transforms/utils/array-polyfills.js

Author:cpojer 
.eslintignore
npm-react-codemod/.npmignore
npm-react-codemod/README.md
npm-react-codemod/package.json
npm-react-codemod/react-codemod
npm-react-codemod/test/__tests__/transform-tests.js

Author:Andreas Savvides 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:clariroid 
docs/docs/getting-started.ja-JP.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ja-JP.md

Author:clariroid 
docs/docs/getting-started.jp.md
docs/docs/tutorial.jp.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Aaron Gelter 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Andreas 
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.md

Author:Damien Pellier 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Aria Stewart 
docs/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sverre Johansen 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Sverre Johansen 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js

Author:Laurent Etiemble 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Bob Renwick 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/10-addons.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js
src/vendor/stubs/cx.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:PNikray 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Joseph Nudell 
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md

Author:Joseph Nudell 
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js

Author:Julen Ruiz Aizpuru 
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-30-use-react-and-jsx-in-ruby-on-rails.md
docs/_posts/2014-08-03-community-roundup-21.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.md

Author:Mert Kahyaoğlu 
npm-react/package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Maxim Abramchuk 
examples/quadratic/example.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/validateDOMNesting.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Mert Kahyaoğlu 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/getReactRootElementInContainer.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jason Miller 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/jsx.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Mert Kahyaoğlu 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Mihai Parparita 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-displayName-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Martin Mihaylov 
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Joseph Savona 
Author:Joseph Savona 
docs/_posts/2015-03-19-building-the-facebook-news-feed-with-relay.md
docs/css/react.scss
docs/img/blog/relay-components/relay-architecture.png
docs/img/blog/relay-components/relay-containers-data-flow.png
docs/img/blog/relay-components/relay-containers.png
docs/img/blog/relay-components/sample-newsfeed.png

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
docs/html-jsx.md

Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.zh-CN.md
src/browser/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js

Author:cpojer 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/browser/ui/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:cpojer 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/webdriver-perf.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-perf.js
perf/.eslintrc
perf/index.html
perf/lib/BrowserPerfRunnerApp.react.js
perf/lib/BrowserPerfRunnerContext.react.js
perf/lib/perf-test-runner.browser.js
perf/lib/todolist.browser.js
perf/lib/todolist.html
perf/runner.html
perf/tests/basic-div.js
perf/tests/basic-unmount.js
perf/tests/propTypes.js
perf/tests/renderComponent-basic.js
perf/tests/sanity.js
perf/tests/setState-callback-5.js
perf/tests/setState-callback.js
perf/tests/shouldComponentUpdate.js
perf/tests/todolist-add.js
perf/tests/todolist-do-stuff.js
perf/tests/todolist-edit.js
perf/tests/todolist-mount.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/vendor/core/warning.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin-test.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/shallowEqual-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Mihai Parparita 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-03-16-react-v0.13.1.md
docs/downloads/react-0.13.1.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/vendor/third_party/webcomponents.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sterling Cobb 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js

Author:AoDev 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/__tests__/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Julian Viereck 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:xmo-odoo 
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.md

Author:Austin Wright 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Austin Wright 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Austin Wright 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Austin Wright 
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Austin Wright 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Austin Wright 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Robert Knight 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Vitaly Kramskikh 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
.eslintignore

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Richard Littauer 
docs/docs/10.7-update.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:syranide 
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/package.json
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/run.js
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/transforms/react.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Aria Buckles 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2014-03-28-the-road-to-1.0.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-03-28-the-road-to-1.0.md

Author:Aria Buckles 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
bin/jsx
main.js

Author:Jay Jaeho Lee 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10-addons.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md

Author:Ted Kim 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.ko-KR.md

Author:Seoh Char 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/10.7-pure-render-mixin.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/docs/conferences.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/10.8-perf.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.ko-KR.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10-addons.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.6-update.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md

Author:Jay Jaeho Lee 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10-addons.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.6-update.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/examples.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/videos.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/10.6-update.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/10-addons.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/videos.ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/docs/tutorial.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.ko-KR.md

Author:Lee Jaeyoung 
docs/docs/10.6-update.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/07-forms.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/flux-overview.ko-KR.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.ko-KR.md

Author:Jinwoo Oh 
docs/docs/getting-started.ko-KR.md

Author:Taeho Kim 
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.ko-KR.md

Author:Taeho Kim 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.ko-KR.md

Author:Taeho Kim 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.ko-KR.md

Author:Taeho Kim 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.ko-KR.md

Author:Lee Jaeyoung 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.ko-KR.md

Author:Lee Jaeyoung 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.ko-KR.md

Author:Jay Jaeho Lee 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md

Author:Shim Won 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.ko-KR.md

Author:Lee Jaeyoung 
docs/docs/videos.ko-KR.md

Author:Lee Jaeyoung 
docs/docs/examples.ko-KR.md

Author:Jay Jaeho Lee 
docs/docs/01-why-react.ko-KR.md

Author:Varun Rau 
src/utils/__tests__/shallowEqual-test.js
src/utils/shallowEqual.js

Author:cpojer 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:cpojer 
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/AutoFocusMixin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LocalEventTrapMixin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Anderson 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-0.13.0.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-01-27-react-v0.13.0-beta-1.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
CHANGELOG.md
docs/_posts/2015-03-10-react-v0.13.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_data/acknowledgements.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS
docs/_data/acknowledgements.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-03-10-react-v0.13.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2015-03-10-react-v0.13.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/basic-commonjs/package.json
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
examples/server-rendering/jsapp/package.json
examples/server-rendering/reactserver/package.json
examples/server-rendering/reactserver/server.js
examples/server-rendering/webapp/index.php

Author:Jim 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/10-addons.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.md
docs/docs/10.6-create-fragment.md
docs/docs/10.7-update.md
docs/docs/10.8-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/10.9-perf.md

Author:Christian 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:cpojer 
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin-test.js
src/addons/shallowCompare.js
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Andres Suarez 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:BinaryMuse 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.zh-CN.md

Author:Rick Beerendonk 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Gabe Levi 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Christoph Pojer 
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
src/modern/class/ReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Aria Buckles 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js

Author:Jon Hester 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Darcy 
src/vendor/core/warning.js

Author:Jon Hester 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:dmitry 
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Ian Obermiller 
src/utils/__tests__/shallowEqual-test.js
src/utils/shallowEqual.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-03-04-community-roundup-25.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2015-03-04-community-roundup-25.md
docs/img/blog/polarr.jpg

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-03-03-react-v0.13-rc2.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-03-03-react-v0.13-rc2.md

Author:brafdlog 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-0.13.0-rc2.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/jsx-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/jsx-test.js

Author:Matthew Johnston 
docs/_posts/2015-03-03-community-roundup-25.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Matthew Johnston 
docs/_posts/2015-03-03-community-roundup-25.md

Author:Matthew Johnston 
docs/_posts/2015-03-03-community-roundup-25.md

Author:Matthew Johnston 
docs/_posts/2015-03-03-community-roundup-25.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Jim 
Author:PNikray 
docs/_js/examples/todo.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-react-v0.13-rc1.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_js/jsx-compiler.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Antti Ahti 
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/jsx.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:PNikray 
docs/_posts/2013-10-3-community-roundup-9.md

Author:PNikray 
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md

Author:PNikray 
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:PNikray 
docs/_js/examples/todo.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementClone-test.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactReconciler.js
src/core/ReactRef.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Wout Mertens 
docs/_posts/2015-01-27-react-v0.13.0-beta-1.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Daniel Mané 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-react-v0.13-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-streamlining-react-elements.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-streamlining-react-elements.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-streamlining-react-elements.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
docs/_posts/2015-02-24-streamlining-react-elements.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
docs/_layouts/single.html

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/MobileSafariClickEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Bob Ralian 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-0.13.0-rc1.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Artem Nezvigin 
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Artem Nezvigin 
package.json

Author:Naman Goel 
Author:Naman Goel 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js

Author:chico 
src/browser/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js

Author:Bartosz Kaszubowski 
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
bin/jsx
main.js
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Denis Sokolov 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Greg Hurrell 
docs/_posts/2015-02-20-introducing-relay-and-graphql.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:chico 
.eslintignore
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/inline-source-map.js

Author:chico 
.eslintignore

Author:Jim 
Author:chico 
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.md
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js

Author:chico 
.eslintignore
docs/_js/examples/.eslintrc
docs/extractCode.js
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js
examples/basic-commonjs/index.js
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js
examples/server-rendering/jsapp/src/App.js
examples/server-rendering/reactserver/server.js
grunt/tasks/eslint.js
jest/preprocessor.js
jest/ts-preprocessor.js
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/run.js
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/transforms/react.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/vendor/stubs/cx.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
grunt/tasks/eslint.js
vendor/fbtransform/.eslintrc
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-displayName-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
bin/jsx
main.js

Author:fisherwebdev 
grunt/config/jsx.js
package.json

Author:Steven Luscher 
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
main.js
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/inline-source-map.js

Author:Henry Zhu 
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js

Author:Henry Zhu 
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/config/webdriver-all.js
grunt/tasks/npm.js
grunt/tasks/release.js
jest/ts-preprocessor.js
perf/lib/BrowserPerfRunnerApp.react.js
perf/lib/BrowserPerfRunnerContext.react.js
perf/lib/todolist.browser.js
perf/tests/setState-callback-5.js
perf/tests/setState-callback.js
perf/tests/todolist-add.js
perf/tests/todolist-do-stuff.js
perf/tests/todolist-edit.js
perf/tests/todolist-mount.js
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/vendor/key-mirror/__tests__/keyMirror-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:yungsters 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul Harper 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
docs/_posts/2013-09-24-community-roundup-8.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-23-community-roundup-12.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/ballmer-peak/ballmer_peak.png
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js
examples/quadratic/example.js
examples/quadratic/index.html

Author:Steven Luscher 
docs/_posts/2015-02-18-react-conf-roundup-2015.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:yungsters 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Oiva Eskola 
examples/jquery-mobile/js/app.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/findDOMNode.js
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Alan deLevie 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Jim 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Brian Kung 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Michelle Todd 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Oiva Eskola 
main.js

Author:Vincent Siao 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js

Author:Dustan Kasten 
src/utils/Transaction.js

Author:Henry Zhu 
docs/extractCode.js
src/test/mocks.js
vendor/fbtransform/syntax.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Harry Marr 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Henry Zhu 
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js

Author:Henry Zhu 
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/worker.js
src/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
grunt/config/jsx.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:jeffmo 
bin/jsx

Author:jeffmo 
package.json

Author:Jim 
Author:Brian Hsu 
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/transforms/react.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMIframe.js
src/browser/ui/dom/setTextContent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js

Author:chico 
perf/lib/BrowserPerfRunnerApp.react.js

Author:chico 
.eslintrc

Author:chico 
src/.eslintrc

Author:chico 
.eslintignore
.eslintrc
.jshintrc
Gruntfile.js
README.md
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/config/compare_size.js
grunt/config/copy.js
grunt/config/jsx.js
grunt/config/populist.js
grunt/config/server.js
grunt/config/webdriver-all.js
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/config/webdriver-perf.js
grunt/tasks/coverage-parse.js
grunt/tasks/download-previous-version.js
grunt/tasks/eslint.js
grunt/tasks/gem-react-source.js
grunt/tasks/jsx.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-tools.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js
grunt/tasks/npm.js
grunt/tasks/populist.js
grunt/tasks/release.js
grunt/tasks/sauce-tunnel.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-all.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-perf.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-phantomjs.js
main.js
perf/.eslintrc
perf/lib/BrowserPerfRunnerApp.react.js
perf/lib/BrowserPerfRunnerContext.react.js
perf/lib/perf-test-runner.browser.js
perf/lib/todolist.browser.js
perf/tests/basic-div.js
perf/tests/basic-unmount.js
perf/tests/propTypes.js
perf/tests/renderComponent-basic.js
perf/tests/sanity.js
perf/tests/setState-callback-5.js
perf/tests/setState-callback.js
perf/tests/shouldComponentUpdate.js
perf/tests/todolist-add.js
perf/tests/todolist-do-stuff.js
perf/tests/todolist-edit.js
perf/tests/todolist-mount.js
test/.eslintrc
test/lib/jasmine-execute.js
test/lib/postDataToURL.browser.js
test/lib/reportTestResults.browser.js

Author:Brian Kung 
docs/Gemfile.lock

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/.eslintrc
src/browser/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/dom/setTextContent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/.eslintrc
src/browser/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactContext.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/vendor/core/warning.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jason Ly 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/img/docs/should-component-update.png

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/10.8-perf.md
docs/docs/11-advanced-performance.md
docs/img/docs/should-component-update.png

Author:chico 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Richard Kho 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:chico 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Matias Singers 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
package.json
src/.eslintrc
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/setTextContent.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactLifeCycle.js
src/core/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/utils/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
src/utils/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/addons/ReactFragment.js
src/addons/__tests__/ReactFragment-test.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/sliceChildren.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Rick Beerendonk 
docs/docs/conferences.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Dan Fox 
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Henry Zhu 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/key-mirror/__tests__/keyMirror-test.js
src/vendor/key-mirror/keyMirror.js
src/vendor/key-mirror/keyOf.js

Author:Vincent Riemer 
docs/docs/10.7-pure-render-mixin.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/immutable/Immutable.js
src/vendor/immutable/ImmutableObject.js
src/vendor_deprecated/README.md
src/vendor_deprecated/core/copyProperties.js
src/vendor_deprecated/core/merge.js
src/vendor_deprecated/core/mergeInto.js

Author:noyobo 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md

Author:noyobo 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md

Author:YouBao Nong 
docs/docs/07-forms.zh-CN.md

Author:YouBao Nong 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md

Author:Preston Parry 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:G. Kay Lee 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/createArrayFromMixed.js
src/vendor/core/createNodesFromMarkup.js
src/vendor/core/mergeDeep.js
src/vendor/core/mergeDeepInto.js
src/vendor/core/mergeHelpers.js
src/vendor/core/toArray.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Nick Williams 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:syranide 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
Author:Andrew Cobby 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Marlon Landaverde 
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/setTextContent.js
src/utils/__tests__/escapeTextContentForBrowser-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser-test.js
src/utils/escapeTextContentForBrowser.js
src/utils/quoteAttributeValueForBrowser.js

Author:Jamison Dance 
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.md

Author:juan serrano 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Lee Byron 
Author:Lee Byron 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentNestedState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/modern/class/ReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:Héliton Nordt 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactRef.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Brian Holt 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/core/ReactReconciler.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Brian Holt 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Moss 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:syranide 
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/.gitignore
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/README.md
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/package.json
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/run.js
npm-jsx_orphaned_brackets_transformer/transforms/react.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/setTextContent.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
Author:syranide 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/modern/class/ReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Héliton Nordt 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Petri Lehtinen 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
jest/preprocessor.js
jest/ts-preprocessor.js
package.json
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Joel Auterson 
docs/_posts/2014-09-24-testing-flux-applications.md

Author:Rafael 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:syranide 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Robert Sedovsek 
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Rick Beerendonk 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/conferences.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Rick Beerendonk 
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md
npm-react-tools/README.md

Author:Rick Beerendonk 
docs/_js/html-jsx.js
grunt/config/browserify.js
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/addons/ReactRAFBatchingStrategy.js
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/link/LinkedStateMixin.js
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/update.js
src/browser/ClientReactRootIndex.js
src/browser/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ReactPutListenerQueue.js
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/MobileSafariClickEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/findDOMNode.js
src/browser/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/browser/server/ServerReactRootIndex.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactEventListener.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInputSelection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/Danger.js
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/ViewportMetrics.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/AutoFocusMixin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LocalEventTrapMixin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/LocalEventTrapMixin-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/browser/ui/dom/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventCharCode.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventKey.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventModifierState.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventTarget.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/browser/ui/dom/isEventSupported.js
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js
src/browser/ui/getReactRootElementInContainer.js
src/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/ReactDoNotBindDeprecated.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/core/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/core/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactContext.js
src/core/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/core/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactInstanceMap.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactOwner.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/ReactReconciler.js
src/core/ReactRef.js
src/core/ReactRootIndex.js
src/core/ReactStateSetters.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/modern/class/ReactComponent.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/modern/types/__tests__/ReactFlowPropTypes-test.js
src/modern/types/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptPropTypes-test.js
src/stubs/Object.assign.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js
src/test/createHierarchyRenderer.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js
src/test/mock-modules.js
src/test/mock-timers.js
src/test/mocks.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/PooledClass.js
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/Transaction.js
src/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/escapeTextForBrowser-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/joinClasses-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/keyMirror-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/memoizeStringOnly-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/accumulate.js
src/utils/accumulateInto.js
src/utils/adler32.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js
src/utils/deprecated.js
src/utils/escapeTextForBrowser.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
src/utils/getIteratorFn.js
src/utils/isTextInputElement.js
src/utils/joinClasses.js
src/utils/keyMirror.js
src/utils/memoizeStringOnly.js
src/utils/onlyChild.js
src/utils/shallowEqual.js
src/utils/sliceChildren.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
src/vendor/core/CSSCore.js
src/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.js
src/vendor/core/TouchEventUtils.js
src/vendor/core/camelize.js
src/vendor/core/camelizeStyleName.js
src/vendor/core/createArrayFrom.js
src/vendor/core/createNodesFromMarkup.js
src/vendor/core/dom/containsNode.js
src/vendor/core/dom/focusNode.js
src/vendor/core/dom/getActiveElement.js
src/vendor/core/dom/getUnboundedScrollPosition.js
src/vendor/core/dom/isNode.js
src/vendor/core/dom/isTextNode.js
src/vendor/core/emptyFunction.js
src/vendor/core/emptyObject.js
src/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js
src/vendor/core/hyphenate.js
src/vendor/core/hyphenateStyleName.js
src/vendor/core/invariant.js
src/vendor/core/keyOf.js
src/vendor/core/mapObject.js
src/vendor/core/mergeDeep.js
src/vendor/core/mergeDeepInto.js
src/vendor/core/mergeHelpers.js
src/vendor/core/monitorCodeUse.js
src/vendor/core/nativeRequestAnimationFrame.js
src/vendor/core/requestAnimationFrame.js
src/vendor/core/toArray.js
src/vendor/core/warning.js
src/vendor/immutable/Immutable.js
src/vendor/immutable/ImmutableObject.js
src/vendor/performance/performance.js
src/vendor/performance/performanceNow.js
src/vendor/stubs/EventListener.js
src/vendor/stubs/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/vendor/stubs/cx.js
src/vendor_deprecated/core/copyProperties.js
src/vendor_deprecated/core/merge.js
src/vendor_deprecated/core/mergeInto.js
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/constants.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-displayName-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js
vendor/jasmine/console.js
vendor/jasmine/phantom.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
Author:Lee Byron 
Author:Jeff Kolesky 
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.md

Author:syranide 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2015-01-27-react-v0.13.0-beta-1.md

Author:Jim 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:G. Kay Lee 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Preston Parry 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml
package.json

Author:Scott Feeney 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Preston Parry 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:Andres Suarez 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Scott Feeney 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Preston Parry 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Preston Parry 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/modern/class/ReactComponent.js

Author:Jamison Dance 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactLifeCycle.js
src/core/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/addons/ReactRAFBatchingStrategy.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactLifeCycle.js
src/core/ReactUpdateQueue.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/modern/class/ReactComponentBase.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/modern/class/React.d.ts
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Kevin Old 
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js

Author:Kevin Old 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/utils/deprecated.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Jim 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/vendor/core/warning.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:mzabriskie 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js

Author:mzabriskie 
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
jest/jest.d.ts
jest/preprocessor.js
package.json
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptClass-test.ts
src/modern/class/__tests__/react.d.ts

Author:mzabriskie 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js

Author:mzabriskie 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:mzabriskie 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js

Author:mzabriskie 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactClassEquivalence-test.js
src/test/MetaMatchers.js
src/test/__tests__/MetaMatchers-test.js

Author:Ben Moss 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
jest/preprocessor.js
package.json
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactCoffeeScriptClass-test.coffee

Author:Patrick Laughlin 
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/core/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactReconciler.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.mailmap

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/modern/class/ReactComponentBase.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Kirk Steven Hansen 
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md

Author:Kirk Steven Hansen 
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactRef.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactRef.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Lei 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md

Author:Lei 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Sophia Westwood 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Greg Hurrell 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/LocalEventTrapMixin-test.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:yungsters 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LocalEventTrapMixin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/LocalEventTrapMixin-test.js

Author:Jim 
docs/_data/nav_tips.yml
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.md
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.md
docs/tips/19--dangerouslySetInnerHTML.md

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
Author:amykyta 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Cedric Sohrauer 
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMIframe.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMIframe-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Cam Song 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/examples.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.zh-CN.md

Author:Hou Chia 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Daniel Carlsson 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/modern/class/ReactComponentBase.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Alex Boyd 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js

Author:Jim 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactEventListener.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/core/ReactChildReconciler.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/ReactRAFBatchingStrategy.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/browser/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/browser/findDOMNode.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/Danger.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/modern/class/ReactComponentBase.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/Transaction.js
src/utils/memoizeStringOnly.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/browser/ui/dom/Danger.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/utils/escapeTextForBrowser.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/addons/ReactRAFBatchingStrategy.js
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/link/LinkedStateMixin.js
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/update.js
src/browser/ClientReactRootIndex.js
src/browser/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ReactPutListenerQueue.js
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/MobileSafariClickEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/findDOMNode.js
src/browser/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/browser/server/ServerReactRootIndex.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactEventListener.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInputSelection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/Danger.js
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/ViewportMetrics.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/AutoFocusMixin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LocalEventTrapMixin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/browser/ui/dom/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventCharCode.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventKey.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventModifierState.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventTarget.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/browser/ui/dom/isEventSupported.js
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js
src/browser/ui/getReactRootElementInContainer.js
src/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/ReactDoNotBindDeprecated.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/core/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactContext.js
src/core/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/core/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactInstanceMap.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactOwner.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/ReactRef.js
src/core/ReactRootIndex.js
src/core/ReactStateSetters.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/modern/class/ReactComponentBase.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js
src/modern/types/__tests__/ReactFlowPropTypes-test.js
src/modern/types/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptPropTypes-test.js
src/stubs/Object.assign.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/test/worker.js
src/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/PooledClass.js
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/Transaction.js
src/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/escapeTextForBrowser-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/joinClasses-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/keyMirror-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/memoizeStringOnly-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/accumulate.js
src/utils/accumulateInto.js
src/utils/adler32.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js
src/utils/deprecated.js
src/utils/escapeTextForBrowser.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
src/utils/getIteratorFn.js
src/utils/isTextInputElement.js
src/utils/joinClasses.js
src/utils/keyMirror.js
src/utils/memoizeStringOnly.js
src/utils/onlyChild.js
src/utils/shallowEqual.js
src/utils/sliceChildren.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.eslintignore
package.json
src/.eslintrc

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/modern/class/ReactComponentBase.js
src/modern/class/__tests__/ReactES6Class-test.js

Author:Jim 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Hou Chia 
docs/README.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Jim 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:chen 
docs/docs/07-forms.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/__tests__/findDOMNode-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/utils/LegacyImmutableObject.js
src/utils/__tests__/LegacyImmutableObject-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js

Author:Jason Bonta 
docs/docs/10.7-pure-render-mixin.md

Author:Jim 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/browser/__tests__/findDOMNode.-test.js
src/browser/findDOMNode.js

Author:ShihChi Huang 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Joshua Goldberg 
LICENSE

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Steve Baker 
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Steve Baker 
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_data/nav_tips.yml
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.md
docs/tips/18-use-react-with-other-libraries.md

Author:ShihChi Huang 
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
package.json

Author:Rick Beerendonk 
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.md

Author:Mihai Parparita 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Chitharanjan Das 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Dylan Harrington 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Roman Vanesyan 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/findDOMNode.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/vendor/core/warning.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Alexander Tseung 
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md

Author:Alexander Tseung 
docs/tips/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Dennis Johnson 
grunt/tasks/version-check.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Peter Blazejewicz 
docs/_posts/2014-12-19-react-js-conf-diversity-scholarship.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-12-19-react-js-conf-diversity-scholarship.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElement-test.js
src/modern/element/__tests__/ReactJSXElementValidator-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Jim 
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
src/browser/__tests__/findDOMNode.-test.js
src/browser/findDOMNode.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/modern/types/__tests__/ReactFlowPropTypes-test.js
src/modern/types/__tests__/ReactTypeScriptPropTypes-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/classic/types/ReactPropTypes.js
src/classic/types/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-0.12.2.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-12-18-react-v0.12.2.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Riley Tomasek 
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js

Author:minwe 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.zh-CN.md

Author:minwe 
docs/docs/07-forms.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Harry Moreno 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md

Author:jeffmo 
docs/downloads/react-0.12.1.zip

Author:Alexander Tseung 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Richard Littauer 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Aaron Franks 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/classic/propTypes/ReactPropTypes.js
src/classic/propTypes/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/test/__tests__/reactComponentExpect-test.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
bin/jsx-internal

Author:Cam Song 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md

Author:Cam Song 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.zh-CN.md

Author:Bruno Škvorc 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md

Author:Cam Song 
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.zh-CN.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/classic/__tests__/ReactContextValidator-test.js
src/classic/class/ReactClass.js
src/classic/class/ReactDoNotBindDeprecated.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClass-test.js
src/classic/class/__tests__/ReactClassMixin-test.js
src/classic/element/ReactElement.js
src/classic/element/ReactElementValidator.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/classic/element/__tests__/ReactElementValidator-test.js
src/classic/propTypes/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/classic/propTypes/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/classic/propTypes/ReactPropTypes.js
src/classic/propTypes/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentSpec-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cam Song 
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/CompositionEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/FallbackCompositionState.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/FallbackCompositionState-test.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js

Author:Cam Song 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Tim Schaub 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Aaron Franks 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Aaron Franks 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:cookfront 
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Benjamin Keen 
docs/docs/10.6-update.md

Author:Jason Webster 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ian Obermiller 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ian Obermiller 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMSelection.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Árni Hermann Reynisson 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js

Author:张敏 
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Blaine Hatab 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Rafal Dittwald 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Toru Kobayashi 
docs/docs/10-addons.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Árni Hermann Reynisson 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Alexey Shamrin 
docs/docs/10.6-update.md

Author:Rafal Dittwald 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Christian Alfoni 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Aaron Franks 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/basic-commonjs/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/syntax.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jim 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/syntax.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/ReactRef.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Jim 
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Steven Luscher 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Steven Luscher 
docs/_posts/2014-11-25-community-roundup-24.md

Author:Steven Luscher 
docs/_posts/2014-11-25-community-roundup-24.md
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-11-24-react-js-conf-updates.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-11-24-react-js-conf-updates.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-11-24-react-js-conf-updates.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Riley Tomasek 
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/Danger.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactChildReconciler.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:yungsters 
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:yungsters 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:yungsters 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js

Author:Mark Funk 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:yungsters 
src/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Sam Saccone 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Matt Huggins 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Jim 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInjection.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Jim 
src/core/ReactContext.js

Author:Jim 
Author:Jim 
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactContext.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Alexander Shtuchkin 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Scott Feeney 
Author:Scott Feeney 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactElement.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/__tests__/ReactTestUtils-test.js

Author:Martin Jul 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactOwner.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactOwner.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js
examples/jquery-mobile/js/app.js
perf/lib/todolist.browser.js
src/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactElementValidator.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEmptyComponent-test.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMTextComponent-test.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Gabe Levi 
main.js
package.json
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/fbtransform/syntax.js
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactElement.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Lee Byron 
Author:João Valente 
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.md

Author:Lee Byron 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Fabio M. Costa 
src/browser/ui/ReactEventListener.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ivan Krechetov 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md

Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Brandon Tilley 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Martin Jul 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/utils/OrderedMap.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactTextComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/ReactInstanceMap.js
src/core/ReactOwner.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/ReactRef.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:jsfb 
docs/_posts/2014-10-17-community-roundup-23.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andres Suarez 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactRef.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Pedro Nauck 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Pedro Nauck 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Pedro Nauck 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andres Suarez 
package.json
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ville Immonen 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Lee Byron 
Author:Lee Byron 
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Alexandre Gaudencio 
docs/_js/jsx-compiler.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js

Author:Nick Raienko 
src/stubs/Object.assign.js
src/utils/deprecated.js
src/vendor_deprecated/core/copyProperties.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-displayName-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Kurt Ruppel 
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Raymond Ha 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
perf/tests/propTypes.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_js/jsfiddle-integration.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Juraj Dudak 
src/browser/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:John Heroy 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentSpec-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactElement.js
src/core/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/ReactLegacyElement.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMockedComponent-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Spencer Handley 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-0.12.0.zip

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-10-17-community-roundup-23.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-10-28-react-v0.12.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS
docs/_data/acknowledgements.yml

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-10-27-react-js-conf.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react-tools/README.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/06-transferring-props.md
docs/docs/07-forms.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/08.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/09-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/10-addons.md
docs/docs/10.1-animation.md
docs/docs/10.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/10.3-class-name-manipulation.md
docs/docs/10.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/10.5-clone-with-props.md
docs/docs/10.6-update.md
docs/docs/10.7-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/10.8-perf.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-spread.md
docs/docs/02.3-jsx-gotchas.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/Rakefile
docs/_js/examples/hello.js
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/_js/examples/timer.js
docs/_js/examples/todo.js

Author:Zacharias 
package.json

Author:Tienchai Wirojsaksaree 
src/browser/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Benjamin Leiken 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:Leon Fedotov 
npm-react-tools/README.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-10-27-react-js-conf.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/stubs/Object.assign.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Nick Raienko 
.jshintrc
src/.jshintrc

Author:Peter Jaros 
examples/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md
docs/docs/ref-09-glossary.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js
examples/basic-commonjs/index.js
examples/basic-jsx-external/example.js
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/example.js
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/server-rendering/README.md
examples/server-rendering/jsapp/package.json
examples/server-rendering/jsapp/src/App.js
examples/server-rendering/reactserver/package.json
examples/server-rendering/reactserver/server.js
examples/server-rendering/webapp/index.php

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md
docs/_js/examples/hello.js
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/_js/examples/timer.js
docs/_js/examples/todo.js
docs/_js/html-jsx.js
docs/_js/jsx-compiler.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js
examples/basic-commonjs/index.js
examples/basic-jsx-external/example.js
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/example.js
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js
examples/jquery-mobile/js/app.js
examples/transitions/index.html
perf/index.html
perf/lib/BrowserPerfRunnerContext.react.js
perf/lib/todolist.html
perf/tests/basic-unmount.js
perf/tests/propTypes.js
perf/tests/renderComponent-basic.js
perf/tests/setState-callback-5.js
perf/tests/setState-callback.js
perf/tests/shouldComponentUpdate.js
perf/tests/todolist-add.js
perf/tests/todolist-do-stuff.js
perf/tests/todolist-edit.js
perf/tests/todolist-mount.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactElement.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactElement.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Martin Jul 
Author:Martin Jul 
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/constants.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2014-10-16-react-v0.12-rc1.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/class/ReactClass.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInjection.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/class/ReactClass.js

Author:Lee Byron 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Martin Jul 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/09.5-clone-with-props.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/downloads.md
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.md
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
LICENSE-docs
LICENSE-examples
README.md
docs/_layouts/default.html
examples/server-rendering/jsapp/package.json
examples/server-rendering/reactserver/package.json

Author:Lee Byron 
src/core/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/getIteratorFn.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactElement.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Fabio M. Costa 
src/browser/ui/dom/ViewportMetrics.js

Author:Shripad K 
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
README.md
docs/_js/examples/hello.js
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/_js/examples/timer.js
docs/_js/examples/todo.js
docs/_js/html-jsx.js
docs/_js/jsx-compiler.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md
docs/docs/09.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.md
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/core/ReactLegacyElement.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Shripad K 
src/core/ReactElement.js

Author:Sergey Generalov 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-10-16-community-roundup-15.md
docs/img/blog/flux-chart.png
docs/img/blog/reflux-flux.png

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactLegacyElement.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-10-16-react-v0.12-rc1.md
docs/downloads/react-0.12.0-rc1.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/vendor/stubs/Object.assign.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
jest/environment.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/update.js
src/browser/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/browser/ReactPutListenerQueue.js
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactEventListener.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactContext.js
src/core/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/utils/LegacyImmutableObject.js
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/utils/deprecated.js
src/vendor/core/emptyFunction.js
src/vendor/immutable/Immutable.js
src/vendor/polyfill/Object.es6.js
src/vendor/stubs/Object.assign.js
src/vendor_deprecated/core/merge.js
src/vendor_deprecated/core/mergeInto.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Beau Smith 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jimmy Jea 
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-10-14-introducing-react-elements.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
docs/_config.yml
docs/_posts/2014-09-16-react-v0.11.2.md
docs/downloads/react-0.11.2.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2014-10-14-introducting-react-elements.md

Author:ThomasCrvsr 
examples/basic/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/utils/deprecated.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-10-14-introducting-react-elements.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:ThomasCrvsr 
examples/basic/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/jsx.js
src/vendor/README.md
src/vendor_deprecated/README.md
src/vendor_deprecated/core/copyProperties.js
src/vendor_deprecated/core/merge.js
src/vendor_deprecated/core/mergeInto.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-displayName-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Alexey Raspopov 
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js

Author:Alexey Raspopov 
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE
PATENTS
README.md
docs/_js/html-jsx.js
gem-react-source/react-source.gemspec
grunt/config/browserify.js
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/addons/ReactRAFBatchingStrategy.js
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/link/LinkedStateMixin.js
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/update.js
src/browser/ClientReactRootIndex.js
src/browser/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ReactPutListenerQueue.js
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/CompositionEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/MobileSafariClickEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/browser/server/ServerReactRootIndex.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactEventListener.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInputSelection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/Danger.js
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/ViewportMetrics.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/AutoFocusMixin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LocalEventTrapMixin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/browser/ui/dom/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventCharCode.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventKey.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventModifierState.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventTarget.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/browser/ui/dom/isEventSupported.js
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js
src/browser/ui/getReactRootElementInContainer.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactContext.js
src/core/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/core/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactDoNotBindDeprecated.js
src/core/ReactElement.js
src/core/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactLegacyElement.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactOwner.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/core/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/ReactRootIndex.js
src/core/ReactStateSetters.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentSpec-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactTextComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/createHierarchyRenderer.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js
src/test/mock-modules.js
src/test/mock-timers.js
src/test/mocks.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/utils/LegacyImmutableObject.js
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/PooledClass.js
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/Transaction.js
src/utils/__tests__/LegacyImmutableObject-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/escapeTextForBrowser-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/joinClasses-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/keyMirror-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/memoizeStringOnly-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/accumulate.js
src/utils/accumulateInto.js
src/utils/adler32.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js
src/utils/deprecated.js
src/utils/escapeTextForBrowser.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
src/utils/isTextInputElement.js
src/utils/joinClasses.js
src/utils/keyMirror.js
src/utils/memoizeStringOnly.js
src/utils/onlyChild.js
src/utils/shallowEqual.js
src/utils/sliceChildren.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
src/vendor/core/CSSCore.js
src/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.js
src/vendor/core/TouchEventUtils.js
src/vendor/core/camelize.js
src/vendor/core/camelizeStyleName.js
src/vendor/core/copyProperties.js
src/vendor/core/createArrayFrom.js
src/vendor/core/createNodesFromMarkup.js
src/vendor/core/dom/containsNode.js
src/vendor/core/dom/focusNode.js
src/vendor/core/dom/getActiveElement.js
src/vendor/core/dom/getUnboundedScrollPosition.js
src/vendor/core/dom/isNode.js
src/vendor/core/dom/isTextNode.js
src/vendor/core/emptyFunction.js
src/vendor/core/emptyObject.js
src/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js
src/vendor/core/hyphenate.js
src/vendor/core/hyphenateStyleName.js
src/vendor/core/invariant.js
src/vendor/core/keyOf.js
src/vendor/core/mapObject.js
src/vendor/core/merge.js
src/vendor/core/mergeDeep.js
src/vendor/core/mergeDeepInto.js
src/vendor/core/mergeHelpers.js
src/vendor/core/mergeInto.js
src/vendor/core/monitorCodeUse.js
src/vendor/core/nativeRequestAnimationFrame.js
src/vendor/core/requestAnimationFrame.js
src/vendor/core/toArray.js
src/vendor/core/warning.js
src/vendor/immutable/Immutable.js
src/vendor/immutable/ImmutableObject.js
src/vendor/performance/performance.js
src/vendor/performance/performanceNow.js
src/vendor/polyfill/Object.es6.js
src/vendor/stubs/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/vendor/stubs/cx.js
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/constants.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-displayName-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js
vendor/jasmine/console.js
vendor/jasmine/phantom.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/CSSCore.js
src/vendor/stubs/EventListener.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/Danger.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactTextComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/createHierarchyRenderer.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/utils/deprecated.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Tom MacWright 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentSpec-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactTextComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/update.js
src/browser/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/browser/ReactPutListenerQueue.js
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactEventListener.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactContext.js
src/core/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactLegacyElement.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/utils/CallbackQueue.js
src/utils/LegacyImmutableObject.js
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/utils/mixInto.js
src/vendor/core/emptyFunction.js
src/vendor/immutable/Immutable.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactElement-test.js

Author:Pedro Nauck 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Justin Woo 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactElement.js
src/core/ReactElementValidator.js
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/core/ReactLegacyElement.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDescriptor-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js
src/utils/onlyChild.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js
src/core/ReactLegacyDescriptor.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Pedro Nauck 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Pedro Nauck 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDescriptor-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jacob Gable 
docs/_posts/2014-09-24-testing-flux-applications.md

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:fisherwebdev 
Author:fisherwebdev 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/_plugins/sidebar_item.rb
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Bill Fisher 
Author:Bill Fisher 
Author:Christian Alfoni 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Oleksii Markhovskyi 
docs/_posts/2014-09-24-testing-flux-applications.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Bill Fisher 
Author:fisherwebdev 
docs/_posts/2014-09-24-testing-flux-applications.md

Author:Pablo Lacerda de Miranda 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:XuefengWu 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Oleg 
starter/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:XuefengWu 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/browser/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/examples.md

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:XuefengWu 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:fisherwebdev 
docs/acknowledgements.md

Author:Jesse Skinner 
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md

Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
npm-react-tools/README.md

Author:Pablo Lacerda de Miranda 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Oleg 
starter/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jacob Greenleaf 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Glen Mailer 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Greg Hurrell 
src/utils/adler32.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-09-12-community-round-up-22.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-09-12-community-round-up-22.md
docs/img/blog/react-browserify-gulp.jpg
docs/img/blog/weather.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Foxall 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Nick Fitzgerald 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:Andrew Rasmussen 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sheraz 
docs/docs/09-addons.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Mark Anderson 
docs/docs/09-addons.md

Author:Mark Hintz 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Oliver Zeigermann 
docs/docs/09.5-clone-with-props.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js
examples/jquery-bootstrap/thirdparty/bootstrap.min.css
examples/jquery-bootstrap/thirdparty/bootstrap.min.js

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMSelection.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/_js/html-jsx-lib.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/_js/html-jsx-lib.js
docs/html-jsx.md

Author:Simon Welsh 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Rick Beerendonk 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:jeffmo 
bin/jsx
main.js
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:jeffmo 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ingvar Stepanyan 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cotton Hou 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:jon madison 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Nick Merwin 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Naman Goel 
docs/docs/examples.md

Author:Andres Suarez 
src/utils/shallowEqual.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-09-03-introducing-the-jsx-specification.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Brandon Tilley 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/_js/html-jsx.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Mike D Pilsbury 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/css/react.scss
docs/img/logo.svg

Author:Naman Goel 
docs/docs/examples.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json
vendor/fbtransform/syntax.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactLegacyDescriptor.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactLegacyDescriptor.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactLegacyDescriptor.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDescriptor-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactLegacyDescriptor.js

Author:Miorel Palii 
src/utils/LegacyImmutableObject.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Thomas Aylott 
src/test/ReactPerf.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
src/test/ReactPerf.js

Author:Jeff Chan 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Julen Ruiz Aizpuru 
docs/docs/09.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/css/react.scss
docs/img/logo_small_2x.png

Author:Charles Marsh 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:fisherwebdev 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:fisherwebdev 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Michael Randers-Pehrson 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:fisherwebdev 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Charles Marsh 
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Michael Randers-Pehrson 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Felix Gnass 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Charles Marsh 
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LocalEventTrapMixin.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js
src/utils/__tests__/accumulateInto-test.js
src/utils/accumulateInto.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sunny Juneja 
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/polyfill/Object.es6.js

Author:IvanVergiliev 
docs/docs/examples.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-displayName-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactLegacyDescriptor.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactLegacyDescriptor.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactTextComponent-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js
src/core/ReactDescriptorValidator.js
src/core/ReactLegacyDescriptor.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDescriptor-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/mapObject.js
src/vendor/core/merge.js
src/vendor/core/mergeInto.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Chris Sciolla 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:Charles Marsh 
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Chris Sciolla 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:Charles Marsh 
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/jsx.js
package.json

Author:Dmitrii Abramov 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Michael Chan 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Lee Byron 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Charles Marsh 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Charles Marsh 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
vendor/constants.js

Author:Charles Marsh 
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Charles Marsh 
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md

Author:Charles Marsh 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Charles Marsh 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Charles Marsh 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Charles Marsh 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Karpich Dmitry 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/Rakefile
docs/_data/acknowledgements.yml
docs/acknowledgements.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/Gemfile
docs/Gemfile.lock
docs/_config.yml
docs/_layouts/redirect.html
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/index.html
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/reference.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/01-why-react.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-gotchas.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/06-forms.md
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/07.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/09-addons.md
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md
docs/docs/09.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/09.3-class-name-manipulation.md
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/09.5-clone-with-props.md
docs/docs/09.6-update.md
docs/docs/09.7-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/09.8-perf.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md
docs/docs/examples.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_posts/2013-06-02-jsfiddle-integration.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-12-community-roundup.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-19-community-roundup-2.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-21-react-v0-3-3.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-27-community-roundup-3.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-02-react-v0-4-autobind-by-default.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-11-react-v0-4-prop-validation-and-default-values.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-17-react-v0-4-0.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-26-react-v0-4-1.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-30-use-react-and-jsx-in-ruby-on-rails.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-05-community-roundup-6.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-19-use-react-and-jsx-in-python-applications.md
docs/_posts/2013-08-26-community-roundup-7.md
docs/_posts/2013-09-24-community-roundup-8.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-16-react-v0.5.0.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-29-react-v0-5-1.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-3-community-roundup-9.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-06-community-roundup-10.md
docs/_posts/2013-11-18-community-roundup-11.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-18-react-v0.5.2-v0.4.2.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-19-react-v0.8.0.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-23-community-roundup-12.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-30-community-roundup-13.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-02-react-chrome-developer-tools.md
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-05-community-roundup-15.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-15-community-roundup-16.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-16-react-v0.9-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-20-react-v0.9.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-24-community-roundup-17.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-14-community-roundup-18.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-19-react-v0.10-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-21-react-v0.10.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-28-the-road-to-1.0.md
docs/_posts/2014-04-04-reactnet.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md
docs/_posts/2014-05-29-one-year-of-open-source-react.md
docs/_posts/2014-06-27-community-roundup-19.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-13-react-v0.11-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-17-react-v0.11.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-25-react-v0.11.1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-30-flux-actions-and-the-dispatcher.md
docs/_posts/2014-08-03-community-roundup-21.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_css/bourbon/_bourbon-deprecated-upcoming.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/_bourbon.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_button.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_clearfix.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_directional-values.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_ellipsis.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_font-family.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_hide-text.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_html5-input-types.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_position.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_prefixer.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_retina-image.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_size.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_timing-functions.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_triangle.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_word-wrap.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_background-image.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_background.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_border-image.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_calc.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_columns.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_filter.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_flex-box.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_font-face.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_font-feature-settings.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_hyphens.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_image-rendering.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_inline-block.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_keyframes.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_linear-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_placeholder.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_radial-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_transition.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_assign.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_color-lightness.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_compact.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_golden-ratio.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_linear-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_modular-scale.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_px-to-em.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_px-to-rem.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_radial-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_strip-units.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_unpack.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_convert-units.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_deprecated-webkit-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_is-num.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_linear-angle-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_linear-gradient-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_linear-side-corner-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_radial-arg-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_radial-gradient-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_str-to-num.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/settings/_asset-pipeline.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/settings/_prefixer.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/settings/_px-to-em.scss

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.gitignore
docs/Gemfile
docs/Gemfile.lock
docs/Rakefile
docs/_config.yml
docs/css/react.scss

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Mike D Pilsbury 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/browser/ReactDOM.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Andre Z Sanchez 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/Danger.js

Author:Nathan White 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md
examples/todomvc-flux/.gitignore
examples/todomvc-flux/README.md
examples/todomvc-flux/css/app.css
examples/todomvc-flux/index.html
examples/todomvc-flux/js/actions/TodoActions.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/app.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/Footer.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/Header.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/MainSection.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/TodoApp.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/TodoItem.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/TodoTextInput.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/constants/TodoConstants.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/AppDispatcher.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/Dispatcher.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/__tests__/AppDispatcher-test.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/stores/TodoStore.js
examples/todomvc-flux/package.json
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/.bower.json
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/base.css
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/bg.png
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/bower.json
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/readme.md
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/Footer.react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Adam Mark 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Adam Mark 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Sam Selikoff 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Sam Selikoff 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Nathan White 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Jan Hancic 
docs/docs/06-forms.md

Author:Jan Hancic 
docs/docs/06-forms.md

Author:Josh Duck 
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Jan Hancic 
docs/docs/06-forms.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js

Author:Ingvar Stepanyan 
.travis.yml

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Julien Bordellier 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-08-03-community-roundup-21.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-08-03-community-roundup-21.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jim OBrien 
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-08-02-community-roundup-21.md
docs/img/blog/first-look.png
docs/img/blog/react-draggable.png
docs/img/blog/skills-matter.png
docs/img/blog/sweet-jsx.png

Author:Julien Bordellier 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:cutbko 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventCharCode.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventKey.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Julen Ruiz Aizpuru 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2014-07-30-flux-actions-and-the-dispatcher.md
docs/img/blog/flux-diagram.png

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2014-07-30-flux-actions-and-the-dispatcher.md

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2014-07-30-flux-actions-and-the-dispatcher.md
docs/img/blog/flux-diagram.png

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2014-07-30-flux-actions-and-the-dispatcher.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Johannes Emerich 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/stores/TodoStore.js

Author:Sébastien Lorber 
docs/docs/09.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sébastien Lorber 
docs/docs/09.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jed Watson 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml

Author:Jed Watson 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Shane O'Sullivan 
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md

Author:Shane O'Sullivan 
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Shane O'Sullivan 
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2014-07-28-community-roundup-20.md
docs/img/blog/kendoui.png

Author:David Hu 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/core/ReactDescriptorValidator.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDescriptor-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/immutable/__tests__/ImmutableObject-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
docs/_config.yml
docs/_posts/2014-07-17-react-v0.11.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-25-react-v0.11.1.md
docs/downloads/react-0.11.1.zip

Author:andres suarez 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_css/_typography.scss

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventModifierState.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
gem-react-source/lib/react/source.rb
gem-react-source/react-source.gemspec
grunt/tasks/gem-react-source.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-tools.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
jest/environment.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/vendor/polyfill/Object.es6.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:WickyNilliams 
docs/docs/09.5-clone-with-props.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/09-addons.md

Author:Tom Hauburger 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:robarnold 
src/core/ReactContext.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js

Author:Glen Mailer 
docs/docs/09.8-perf.md

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactLegacyDescriptor.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMSelection.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/utils/__tests__/LegacyImmutableObject-test.js
src/vendor/core/merge.js
src/vendor/core/mergeInto.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/utils/joinClasses.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js
src/core/ReactDescriptorValidator.js
src/core/ReactLegacyDescriptor.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDescriptor-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:petehunt 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventModifierState.js

Author:Nick Williams 
docs/docs/09.5-clone-with-props.md

Author:Garren Smith 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/MainSection.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/package.json

Author:James Seppi 
docs/_posts/2014-07-13-react-v0.11-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-17-react-v0.11.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Kyle Mathews 
docs/_posts/2014-07-17-react-v0.11.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
docs/_config.yml
docs/_posts/2014-07-13-react-v0.11-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-07-17-react-v0.11.md
docs/downloads/react-0.11.0.zip

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/09.7-pure-render-mixin.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
AUTHORS
docs/acknowledgements.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_layouts/docs.html

Author:Felix Gnass 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Felix Gnass 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDescriptor-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/09.7-pure-render-mixin.md
docs/docs/09.8-perf.md
docs/img/docs/perf-dom.png
docs/img/docs/perf-exclusive.png
docs/img/docs/perf-inclusive.png
docs/img/docs/perf-wasted.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/09.6-update.md

Author:Areeb Malik 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Areeb Malik 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Mouad Debbar 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/vendor/core/dom/focusNode.js

Author:Ray 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md

Author:Ray 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.zh-CN.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2014-07-13-react-v0.11-rc1.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_css/react.scss

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-07-13-react-v0.11-rc1.md
docs/downloads/react-0.11.0-rc1.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_css/react.scss

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
bin/jsx
npm-react-tools/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/09.6-update.md
docs/docs/09.7-pure-render-mixin.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/utils/PooledClass.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
npm-react-tools/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
AUTHORS
docs/acknowledgements.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/acknowledgements.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
AUTHORS

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-displayName-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/reactDisplayName-test.js

Author:Anthony van der Hoorn 
main.js

Author:Anthony van der Hoorn 
main.js

Author:Thomas Shaddox 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Thomas Shaddox 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Julen Ruiz Aizpuru 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Enguerran 
examples/todomvc-flux/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js

Author:Max F. Albrecht 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:Enguerran 
examples/todomvc-flux/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Christopher Monsanto 
docs/downloads.md
npm-react/README.md

Author:Anthony van der Hoorn 
main.js

Author:Christopher Monsanto 
docs/downloads.md
npm-react/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-tools.js
npm-react-tools/README.md
package.json

Author:Wayne Larsen 
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js
npm-react/package.json

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Andrew Zich 
src/vendor/core/invariant.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json

Author:Anthony van der Hoorn 
main.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:jbrantly 
grunt/tasks/jsx.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Yuval Dekel 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/__tests__/ReactDescriptor-test.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Guangqiang Dong 
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-displayName-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jonas Gebhardt 
docs/_posts/2014-03-14-community-roundup-18.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_js/jsx-compiler.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Mariano Desanze 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/Header.react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_posts/2014-06-27-community-roundup-19.md

Author:Mariano Desanze 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDescriptor-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js
src/core/ReactDescriptorValidator.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2014-06-27-community-roundup-19.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pieter Vanderwerff 
docs/_posts/2014-06-27-community-roundup-19.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_posts/2014-06-27-community-roundup-19.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-03-28-the-road-to-1.0.md
docs/blog/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/404.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jon Beebe 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Cassus Adam Banko 
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.md
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/vendor/core/camelizeStyleName.js
src/vendor/core/hyphenateStyleName.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/utils/Transaction.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/utils/PooledClass.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ryan Seddon 
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/dangerousStyleValue.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Stefan Dombrowski 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:petehunt 
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jonas Enlund 
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Josh Bassett 
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Nate Hunzaker 
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Brandon Bloom 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
src/browser/ui/ReactEventListener.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/react-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/__tests__/reactDisplayName-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
main.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jon Beebe 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Jeff Welch 
docs/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Bojan Mihelac 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/stores/TodoStore.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/07.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Mathieu M-Gosselin 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/camelize.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/browser/ReactBrowserEventEmitter.js
src/browser/ReactPutListenerQueue.js
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactBrowserEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactEventListener.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactEventListener-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LocalEventTrapMixin.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Marshall Roch 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/browser/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/MobileSafariClickEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Kunal Mehta 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Brandon Bloom 
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/update.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Kyle Mathews 
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Randall Randall 
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js

Author:Mathieu M-Gosselin 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Daniel Gasienica 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js

Author:cpojer 
src/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventModifierState.js

Author:Harshad Sabne 
docs/_posts/2014-03-21-react-v0.10.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js

Author:Devon Blandin 
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:enome 
docs/_posts/2014-05-29-one-year-of-open-source-react.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_posts/2014-05-29-one-year-of-open-source-react.md

Author:Geert-Jan Brits 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/Header.react.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Kunal Mehta 
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Fred Zhao 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.js
src/vendor/core/createObjectFrom.js
src/vendor/core/mergeHelpers.js
src/vendor/core/mergeInto.js
src/vendor/core/toArray.js
src/vendor/stubs/EventListener.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/MobileSafariClickEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Tom Haggie 
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/todomvc-flux/.gitignore

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/todomvc-flux/index.html
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/base.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/todomvc-flux/README.md

Author:Dan Abramov 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Gilbert 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/Dispatcher.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/__tests__/AppDispatcher-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/todomvc-flux/package.json

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js

Author:Joshua Ma 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/__tests__/AppDispatcher-test.js

Author:Joshua Ma 
examples/todomvc-flux/package.json

Author:Joshua Ma 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/Dispatcher.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/browser/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LocalEventTrapMixin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json

Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ian Obermiller 
src/browser/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:G Scott Olson 
docs/_css/react.scss

Author:Nate Hunzaker 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Nate Hunzaker 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:G Scott Olson 
docs/_css/react.scss

Author:Alexander Solovyov 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/ballmer-peak/index.html
examples/basic-commonjs/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/jquery-bootstrap/index.html
examples/jquery-mobile/index.html
examples/shared/thirdparty/console-polyfill.js
examples/shared/thirdparty/es5-sham.min.js
examples/shared/thirdparty/es5-shim.min.js
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/Dispatcher.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:remixz 
Author:Ben Alpert 
jest/environment.js
jest/preprocessor.js
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactEventEmitter.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js

Author:Nate Hunzaker 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Nate Hunzaker 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Andrew Davey 
main.js

Author:Andrew Davey 
main.js

Author:Mark IJbema 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js

Author:Mark IJbema 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Joshua Ma 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/Dispatcher.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/__tests__/AppDispatcher-test.js
examples/todomvc-flux/package.json

Author:Joshua Ma 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Thomas Shafer 
src/browser/ui/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Dmitry Mazuro 
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/update.js
src/browser/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jan Kassens 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ui/dom/filterAttributes.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md

Author:remixz 
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:remixz 
examples/basic-jsx-harmony/index.html
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Daniel Schonfeld 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/ReactRAFBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Josh Duck 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/todomvc-flux/readme.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/todomvc-flux/package.json

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.md

Author:Yuriy Dybskiy 
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/docs/flux-overview.md

Author:Brian Reavis 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:fisherwebdev 
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/_posts/2014-05-06-flux.md
docs/docs/flux-overview.md
docs/docs/flux-todo-list.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/img/docs/thinking-in-react-tagtree.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/test/mocks.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jon Beebe 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js

Author:Brian Reavis 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Brian Reavis 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Brian Reavis 
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Rajiv Tirumalareddy 
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Jon Beebe 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js
src/core/ReactDescriptorValidator.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Niklas Boström 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js
src/core/ReactDescriptorValidator.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
npm-react/package.json

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:volkanunsal 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/Dispatcher.js

Author:volkanunsal 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/Dispatcher.js

Author:volkanunsal 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/Dispatcher.js

Author:volkanunsal 
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/Dispatcher.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/todomvc-flux/readme.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:fisherwebdev 
examples/todomvc-flux/readme.md

Author:hendrik swanepoel 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Kyle Mathews 
examples/todomvc-flux/readme.md

Author:petehunt 
examples/todomvc-flux/readme.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:fisherwebdev 
examples/todomvc-flux/readme.md

Author:Andreas Svensson 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventKey.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventModifierState.js

Author:hendrik swanepoel 
docs/docs/videos.md
img/docs/thinking-in-react-tagtree.png

Author:dschafer 
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Andrey Popp 
examples/basic-commonjs/README.md
examples/basic-commonjs/index.html
examples/basic-commonjs/index.js
examples/basic-commonjs/package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/utils/__tests__/escapeTextForBrowser-test.js
src/utils/escapeTextForBrowser.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:jeffmo 
package.json

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Cheng Lou 
perf/tests/todolist-add.js
perf/tests/todolist-do-stuff.js
perf/tests/todolist-edit.js

Author:Marcin Szczepanski 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sahat Yalkabov 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/getTextContentAccessor.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMSelection.js

Author:Sven Helmberger 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Sven Helmberger 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/dom/HTMLDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/SVGDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/.gitignore
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/README.md
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/package.json
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/run.js
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/transforms/react.js
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Jan Kassens 
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js

Author:Jan Kassens 
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Jonas Gebhardt 
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js

Author:Jan Kassens 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Jan Kassens 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMSelection.js

Author:Juraj Dudak 
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMSelection.js

Author:Jonas Gebhardt 
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/ReactLinkPropTypes-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/complexity.js
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Daniel Gasienica 
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Matthew Dapena-Tretter 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/07.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/07.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
README.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:petehunt 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/populist.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Laurence Rowe 
src/browser/ui/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/utils/__tests__/LegacyImmutableObject-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/setInnerHTML.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:georgesisco 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Matthew Dapena-Tretter 
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Matthew Dapena-Tretter 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js

Author:Matthew Dapena-Tretter 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Matthew Dapena-Tretter 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Matthew Dapena-Tretter 
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_layouts/docs.html
docs/_layouts/post.html
docs/_layouts/tips.html

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactDescriptor-test.js

Author:Justin Jaffray 
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/vendor/performance/performance.js
src/vendor/performance/performanceNow.js

Author:Josh Yudaken 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:George A Sisco III 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Marcin Kwiatkowski 
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Felix Kling 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ui/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInjection.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactEmptyComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js

Author:Karl Mikkelsen 
docs/docs/06-forms.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
.editorconfig

Author:Adam Krebs 
docs/_layouts/default.html
grunt/config/copy.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/utils/CallbackQueue.js

Author:petehunt 
examples/server-rendering/README.md
examples/server-rendering/jsapp/package.json
examples/server-rendering/jsapp/src/App.js
examples/server-rendering/reactserver/package.json
examples/server-rendering/reactserver/server.js
examples/server-rendering/webapp/index.php
examples/server-rendering/webapp/static/NOTHING_HERE_YET

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/_posts/2014-04-04-reactnet.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_css/react.scss

Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactEventTopLevelCallback-test.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/acknowledgements.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Kunal Mehta 
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md

Author:Kunal Mehta 
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md

Author:Kunal Mehta 
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_data/nav_tips.yml
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md
docs/tips/17-children-undefined.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/config/webdriver-all.js
grunt/config/webdriver-perf.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-tools.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Stephen Murphy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/.jshintrc

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/vendor/immutable/__tests__/ImmutableObject-test.js

Author:Irae 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js

Author:Thomas Boyt 
src/browser/ui/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Jordan W 
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Daniel Gasienica 
docs/docs/09.6-update.md

Author:Josh Duck 
docs/_posts/2014-03-28-the-road-to-1.0.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-03-28-the-road-to-1.0.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactEventTopLevelCallback-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDescriptor.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentSpec-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js
src/utils/onlyChild.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Tom Occhino 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/vendor/core/hyphenate.js
src/vendor/core/hyphenateStyleName.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:plievone 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js

Author:Stephen Murphy 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/browser/ui/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:fisherwebdev 
examples/todomvc-flux/css/app.css
examples/todomvc-flux/index.html
examples/todomvc-flux/js/actions/TodoActions.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/app.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/Footer.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/Header.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/MainSection.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/TodoApp.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/TodoItem.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/components/TodoTextInput.react.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/constants/TodoConstants.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/AppDispatcher.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/dispatcher/Dispatcher.js
examples/todomvc-flux/js/stores/TodoStore.js
examples/todomvc-flux/package.json
examples/todomvc-flux/readme.md
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/.bower.json
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/base.css
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/base.js
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/bg.png
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/bower.json
examples/todomvc-flux/todomvc-common/readme.md

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/browser/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/BeforeInputEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/CompositionEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticInputEvent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/event/EventConstants.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/utils/objMapKeyVal.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/vendor/core/mapObject.js

Author:Mark IJbema 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:plievone 
docs/docs/09.6-update.md
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/update.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
docs/_config.yml
docs/_posts/2014-03-19-react-v0.10-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-03-21-react-v0.10.md
docs/downloads/react-0.10.0.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Jeff Barczewski 
docs/docs/videos.md
docs/img/docs/codewinds-004.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Greg Hurrell 
docs/docs/09.6-update.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2014-03-19-react-v0.10-rc1.md
docs/downloads/react-0.10.0-rc1.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/ui/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/immutable/__tests__/ImmutableObject-test.js

Author:Kunal Mehta 
src/vendor/immutable/Immutable.js
src/vendor/immutable/ImmutableObject.js
src/vendor/immutable/__tests__/ImmutableObject-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Andrew Zich 
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js

Author:Kunal Mehta 
src/utils/ImmutableObject.js
src/utils/__tests__/ImmutableObject-test.js
src/utils/immutable/Immutable.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/bundle.js
package.json
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ingvar Stepanyan 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/bundle.js
grunt/tasks/bundle.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactOwner.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactEventTopLevelCallback-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
main.js

Author:Jonas Gebhardt 
docs/_posts/2014-03-14-community-roundup-18.md

Author:ray 
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md

Author:ray 
docs/docs/getting-started.zh-CN.md

Author:ray 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md

Author:ray 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:davidxi 
vendor/jasmine/jasmine-support.js

Author:Adam Solove 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/browser/ui/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Eric Florenzano 
docs/docs/examples.md

Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:Ingvar Stepanyan 
grunt/config/commonjs.js
grunt/tasks/commonjs.js

Author:Ingvar Stepanyan 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/commonjs.js
grunt/tasks/commonjs.js
package.json

Author:ray 
Author:ray 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md

Author:ray 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md

Author:ray 
docs/docs/01-why-react.zh-CN.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Jeff Carpenter 
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/instantiateReactComponent.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:fxbois 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:Ingvar Stepanyan 
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
package.json
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Gruntfile.js
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/config/jsx.js
src/.jshintrc

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Lily 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/downloads.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jing Chen 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Kunal Mehta 
src/utils/immutable/Immutable.js

Author:Kunal Mehta 
src/utils/LegacyImmutableObject.js
src/utils/__tests__/LegacyImmutableObject-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ui/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/version-check.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/dom/focusNode.js
src/vendor/core/emptyObject.js
src/vendor/core/monitorCodeUse.js
src/vendor/core/nativeRequestAnimationFrame.js
src/vendor/core/requestAnimationFrame.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/browser/putDOMComponentListener.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/browser/ui/React.js
src/browser/ui/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/browser/ui/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInjection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactInputSelection.js
src/browser/ui/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactEventTopLevelCallback-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/browser/ui/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/ui/dom/Danger.js
src/browser/ui/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/ui/dom/ViewportMetrics.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/AutoFocusMixin.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/browser/ui/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/browser/ui/dom/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/browser/ui/dom/filterAttributes.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventKey.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getEventTarget.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/browser/ui/dom/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/browser/ui/dom/isEventSupported.js
src/browser/ui/getReactRootElementInContainer.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactOwner.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/React.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/addons/ReactRAFBatchingStrategy.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/core/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Jan Kassens 
src/browser/ReactMount.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ReactInputSelection.js
src/browser/dom/components/AutoFocusMixin.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/examples.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/examples.md
docs/docs/thinking-in-react.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Pascal Hartig 
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js

Author:Pascal Hartig 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:3boll 
README.md

Author:Ville Immonen 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Eric Florenzano 
docs/docs/examples.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Laurence Rowe 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js

Author:evanc 
src/vendor/core/dom/isNode.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/acknowledgements.md

Author:Jonas Gebhardt 
docs/_posts/2014-02-24-community-roundup-17.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
examples/README.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Jonas Gebhardt 
docs/_posts/2014-02-24-community-roundup-17.md
docs/img/blog/makona-editor.png
docs/img/blog/react-svg-fbp.png

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/addons/__tests__/update-test.js
src/addons/update.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/09.6-update.md
docs/docs/10-examples.md
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md
docs/docs/example-apps.md
docs/docs/examples.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Cheng Lou 
examples/README.md
examples/todomvc-backbone/README.md
examples/todomvc-backbone/css/base.css
examples/todomvc-backbone/css/bg.png
examples/todomvc-backbone/index.html
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/ie.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/thirdparty/backbone-min.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/thirdparty/backbone.localStorage-min.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/thirdparty/lodash.min.js
examples/todomvc-director/README.md
examples/todomvc-director/bower.json
examples/todomvc-director/index.html
examples/todomvc-director/js/app.jsx
examples/todomvc-director/js/footer.jsx
examples/todomvc-director/js/todoItem.jsx
examples/todomvc-director/js/utils.jsx

Author:petehunt 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/09-addons.md
docs/docs/09.5-clone-with-props.md
docs/docs/09.6-update.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2014-02-16-react-v0.9-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-20-react-v0.9.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Andrey Popp 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Andrey Popp 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Daryl Lau 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/browser/ReactBrowserComponentMixin.js
src/browser/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactInjection.js

Author:Jason Bonta 
src/browser/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactServerRenderingTransaction.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS

Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:jeffmo 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-16-react-v0.9-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-20-react-v0.9.md

Author:Shaun Trennery 
docs/_posts/2014-02-16-react-v0.9-rc1.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-20-react-v0.9.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2014-02-20-react-v0.9.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:martinandert 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:petehunt 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md
docs/docs/09.5-clone-with-props.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/09-addons.md
docs/docs/09.3-class-name-manipulation.md
docs/docs/09.4-test-utils.md
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/package.json
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/transforms/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_js/html-jsx-lib.js
docs/_js/html-jsx.js
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/transforms/react.js
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/transforms/xjs.js
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/addons/link/LinkedStateMixin.js
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/browser/ClientReactRootIndex.js
src/browser/React.js
src/browser/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/browser/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/browser/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/browser/ReactInputSelection.js
src/browser/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ReactPutListenerQueue.js
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactEventTopLevelCallback-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/browser/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/browser/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/browser/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/dom/Danger.js
src/browser/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/dom/ViewportMetrics.js
src/browser/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/browser/dom/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/AutoFocusMixin.js
src/browser/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/browser/dom/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/browser/dom/filterAttributes.js
src/browser/dom/getEventKey.js
src/browser/dom/getEventTarget.js
src/browser/dom/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/browser/dom/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/browser/dom/isEventSupported.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/CompositionEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/MobileSafariClickEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/getReactRootElementInContainer.js
src/browser/putDOMComponentListener.js
src/browser/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/server/ServerReactRootIndex.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactContext.js
src/core/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/core/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactDoNotBindDeprecated.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/core/ReactInjection.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMountReady.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/core/ReactOwner.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/core/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/ReactRootIndex.js
src/core/ReactStateSetters.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentSpec-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactTextComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/createHierarchyRenderer.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js
src/test/mock-modules.js
src/test/mock-timers.js
src/test/mocks.js
src/test/performanceNow.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/utils/ImmutableObject.js
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/PooledClass.js
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/Transaction.js
src/utils/__tests__/ImmutableObject-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/escapeTextForBrowser-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/joinClasses-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/keyMirror-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/memoizeStringOnly-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/accumulate.js
src/utils/adler32.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js
src/utils/escapeTextForBrowser.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
src/utils/isTextInputElement.js
src/utils/joinClasses.js
src/utils/keyMirror.js
src/utils/memoizeStringOnly.js
src/utils/mixInto.js
src/utils/objMapKeyVal.js
src/utils/onlyChild.js
src/utils/shallowEqual.js
src/utils/sliceChildren.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js
src/vendor/core/CSSCore.js
src/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.js
src/vendor/core/TouchEventUtils.js
src/vendor/core/copyProperties.js
src/vendor/core/createArrayFrom.js
src/vendor/core/createNodesFromMarkup.js
src/vendor/core/createObjectFrom.js
src/vendor/core/dom/containsNode.js
src/vendor/core/dom/getActiveElement.js
src/vendor/core/dom/getUnboundedScrollPosition.js
src/vendor/core/dom/isNode.js
src/vendor/core/dom/isTextNode.js
src/vendor/core/emptyFunction.js
src/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js
src/vendor/core/hyphenate.js
src/vendor/core/invariant.js
src/vendor/core/keyOf.js
src/vendor/core/merge.js
src/vendor/core/mergeDeep.js
src/vendor/core/mergeDeepInto.js
src/vendor/core/mergeHelpers.js
src/vendor/core/mergeInto.js
src/vendor/core/objMap.js
src/vendor/stubs/ReactErrorUtils.js
src/vendor/stubs/cx.js
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/constants.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js
vendor/jasmine/console.js
vendor/jasmine/phantom.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json
src/vendor/core/invariant.js
src/vendor/core/warning.js
vendor/constants.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Andrey Popp 
npm-react/package.json
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactEventTopLevelCallback-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Dustin Getz 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2014-02-16-react-v0.9-rc1.md
docs/downloads/react-0.9.0-rc1.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/browser/React.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/.gitignore
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/README.md
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/package.json
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/run.js
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/transforms/react.js
npm-jsx_whitespace_transformer/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:plievone 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
src/utils/ReactChildren.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
src/browser/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2014-02-15-community-roundup-16.md

Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/config/browserify.js
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS

Author:Jonas Gebhardt 
docs/_posts/2014-02-15-community-roundup-16.md
docs/img/blog/react-diff-tree.png
docs/img/blog/resistance-calculator.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/vendor/core/invariant.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/CSSCore.js
src/vendor/core/invariant.js
src/vendor/error/__tests__/erx-test.js
src/vendor/error/__tests__/ex-test.js
src/vendor/error/erx.js
src/vendor/error/ex.js
src/vendor/stubs/Env.js
src/vendor/stubs/EventListener.js
src/vendor/stubs/README
src/vendor/stubs/URI.js
src/vendor/stubs/cx.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:JeffMo 
package.json
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:JeffMo 
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/transforms/react.js

Author:Jason Bonta 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:petehunt 
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/dom/CSSProperty.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/run.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/package.json
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/run.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/run.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/run.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/run.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/README.md

Author:Jason Bonta 
src/browser/dom/getTextContentAccessor.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/browser/dom/CSSProperty.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
bin/jsx_react_0.8_to_0.9_codemod/package.json
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/.gitignore
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/README.md
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/package.json
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/run
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/transforms/react.js
npm-jsx_whitespace_transform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/event/EventConstants.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-gotchas.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/ReactMount.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerfAnalysis.js

Author:Jason Bonta 
src/browser/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/browser/dom/__tests__/CSSProperty-test.js
src/browser/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/browser/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactCSSTransitionGroupChild.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionChildMapping.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactCSSTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionChildMapping-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionableChild-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/browser/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/browser/ReactDOMIDOperations.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/vendor/stubs/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_js/jsx-compiler.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/README.md
npm-react/ReactJSErrors.js
npm-react/addons.js
npm-react/package.json
npm-react/react.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/browser/ReactMount.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/browser/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/ReactInjection.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/event/EventConstants.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Alan deLevie 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Alan deLevie 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
main.js
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react-tools.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/utils/PooledClass.js
src/utils/__tests__/PooledClass-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/jsx.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:imagentleman 
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:imagentleman 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js

Author:cpojer 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Nadeesha Cabral 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Ben Ripkens 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/browser/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_css/react.scss

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-05-community-roundup-15.md
docs/support.md

Author:Jonas Gebhardt 
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/_posts/2014-02-05-community-roundup-15.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/version-check.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/browser/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/addons/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/browser/ClientReactRootIndex.js
src/browser/React.js
src/browser/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/browser/ReactDOM.js
src/browser/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/browser/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/browser/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/browser/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/browser/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/browser/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/browser/ReactInputSelection.js
src/browser/ReactMount.js
src/browser/ReactPutListenerQueue.js
src/browser/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/browser/ReactTextComponent.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactEventTopLevelCallback-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/browser/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/browser/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/browser/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/browser/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/browser/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/browser/dom/Danger.js
src/browser/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/browser/dom/ViewportMetrics.js
src/browser/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/browser/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/browser/dom/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/AutoFocusMixin.js
src/browser/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/browser/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/browser/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/browser/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/browser/dom/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/browser/dom/filterAttributes.js
src/browser/dom/getEventKey.js
src/browser/dom/getEventTarget.js
src/browser/dom/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js
src/browser/dom/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/browser/dom/isEventSupported.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/CompositionEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/MobileSafariClickEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/browser/getReactRootElementInContainer.js
src/browser/putDOMComponentListener.js
src/browser/server/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/browser/server/ReactServerRendering.js
src/browser/server/ServerReactRootIndex.js
src/browser/server/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/browser/syntheticEvents/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js

Author:cpojer 
src/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/utils/Transaction.js
src/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactContext.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Ripkens 
src/environment/ReactServerRendering.js

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Ben Ripkens 
src/core/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/core/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Stoyan 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
package.json

Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/config/browserify.js
package.json
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:azure provisioned user 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/test/getTestDocument.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/utils/Transaction.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Ripkens 
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js

Author:Ben Ripkens 
src/core/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/core/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js

Author:Ben Ripkens 
CONTRIBUTING.md
src/core/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactTextComponent-test.js
src/environment/ReactServerRendering.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Jared Forsyth 
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/example-apps.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:petehunt 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md
docs/docs/example-apps.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/complementary-tools.md
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/videos.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:jjt 
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ingvar Stepanyan 
grunt/config/browserify.js
package.json
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Richard D. Worth 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ingvar Stepanyan 
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
package.json

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Kunal Mehta 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/tips/16-references-to-components.md

Author:Josh Duck 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Eric Schoffstall 
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Josh Duck 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/09.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/jsx-compiler.md

Author:Josh Duck 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/10-examples.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
Gruntfile.js

Author:JeffMo 
bin/jsx_react_0.8_to_0.9_codemod/.gitignore
bin/jsx_react_0.8_to_0.9_codemod/package.json
bin/jsx_react_0.8_to_0.9_codemod/run
bin/jsx_react_0.8_to_0.9_codemod/transforms/react.js
bin/jsx_react_0.8_to_0.9_codemod/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/jsx.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/utils/Transaction.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactPutListenerQueue.js
src/core/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/core/putDOMComponentListener.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Bob Eagan 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Bob Eagan 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Bob Eagan 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Jeff Morrison 
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Paul Shen 
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Ayman Osman 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Johannes Baiter 
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Johannes Baiter 
src/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js

Author:Johannes Baiter 
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Johannes Baiter 
src/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Johannes Baiter 
src/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Jean Lauliac 
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md

Author:Jean Lauliac 
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/core/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/dom/components/LinkedValueMixin.js
src/dom/components/LinkedValueUtils.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:cpojer 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:cpojer 
perf/index.html
perf/tests/propTypes.js
src/vendor/core/warning.js

Author:cpojer 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/vendor/core/warning.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionKeySet-test.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Fabio M. Costa 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Fabio M. Costa 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Fabio M. Costa 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/browserify.js
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
package.json

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_js/examples/hello.js
docs/_js/jsx-compiler.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Nick Thompson 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/index.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/js/showdown.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.gitattributes

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_js/examples/timer.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/10-examples.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Nick Thompson 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Jeff Morrison 
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/vendor/core/$.js

Author:Alex Zelenskiy 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/utils/isTextInputElement.js

Author:Richard Feldman 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Timothy Yung 
docs/docs/06-forms.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:Richard Feldman 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Richard Feldman 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:cpojer 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/dom/components/LinkedValueMixin.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/eventPlugins/CompositionEventPlugin.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Christoph Pojer 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Christoph Pojer 
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Fernando Correia 
examples/jquery-mobile/README.md
examples/jquery-mobile/index.html
examples/jquery-mobile/js/app.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jamison Dance 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/React.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/React.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/dom/components/LinkedValueMixin.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/dom/isEventSupported.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticWheelEvent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionKeySet.js

Author:Andrew Davey 
src/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:cpojer 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Andrew Davey 
src/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Andrew Davey 
src/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Andrew Davey 
src/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Andrew Davey 
src/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:cpojer 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/event/CallbackRegistry.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginHub-test.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:cpojer 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:cpojer 
bin/jsx
bin/jsx-internal
package.json
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/vendor/core/mergeHelpers.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Michal Srb 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/dom/getTextContentAccessor.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/dom/components/LinkedValueMixin.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.editorconfig

Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/EnterLeaveEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Tom Occhino 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMImg.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/vendor/core/invariant.js

Author:Matt Harrison 
src/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/$.js
src/vendor/core/createArrayFrom.js
src/vendor/core/dom/getActiveElement.js
src/vendor/core/ge.js
src/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js
src/vendor/core/invariant.js
src/vendor/core/toArray.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Tim Yung 
src/dom/getEventKey.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/dom/Danger.js
src/dom/__tests__/mutateHTMLNodeWithMarkup-test.js
src/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js
src/dom/mutateHTMLNodeWithMarkup.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/dom/components/createFullPageComponent.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/server.js
grunt/config/webdriver-all.js
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/config/webdriver-perf.js
grunt/tasks/download-previous-version.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-all.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-perf.js
package.json
perf/index.html
perf/lib/BrowserPerfRunnerApp.react.js
perf/lib/BrowserPerfRunnerContext.react.js
perf/lib/perf-test-runner.browser.js
perf/lib/todolist.browser.js
perf/lib/todolist.html
perf/runner.html
perf/tests/basic-div.js
perf/tests/basic-unmount.js
perf/tests/renderComponent-basic.js
perf/tests/sanity.js
perf/tests/setState-callback-5.js
perf/tests/setState-callback.js
perf/tests/shouldComponentUpdate.js
perf/tests/todolist-add.js
perf/tests/todolist-do-stuff.js
perf/tests/todolist-edit.js
perf/tests/todolist-mount.js
test/index.html
test/lib/postDataToURL.browser.js
test/lib/reportTestResults.browser.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Matt Harrison 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Matt Harrison 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Matt Harrison 
src/core/ReactDOM.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:xixixao 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Pascal Hartig 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticEvent.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:SanderSpies 
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/CompositionEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/dom/getTextContentAccessor.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/ballmer-peak/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/transitions/index.html

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Nick Thompson 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Felipe Oliveira Carvalho 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:Felipe Oliveira Carvalho 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/dom/isEventSupported.js

Author:Jeff Morrison 
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Fabio Costa 
src/event/CallbackRegistry.js
src/event/__tests__/CallbackRegistry-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactRootIndex.js
src/environment/ClientReactRootIndex.js
src/environment/ServerReactRootIndex.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactDOM.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/utils/__tests__/cloneWithProps-test.js
src/utils/cloneWithProps.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactDOM.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2014-01-02-react-chrome-developer-tools.md
docs/img/blog/react-dev-tools.jpg

Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Ben Alpert 
.editorconfig

Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/downloads.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/tips/01-introduction.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/js/codemirror.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_js/es5-sham.js
docs/_js/es5-sham.min.js
docs/_js/es5-shim.js
docs/_js/es5-shim.min.js
docs/_js/html5shiv.min.js
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md
docs/tips/15-expose-component-functions.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_js/es5-sham.js
docs/_js/es5-shim.js
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_data/nav_tips.yml
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md
docs/tips/15-communicate-between-components-2.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:petehunt 
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-12-30-community-roundup-13.md
docs/img/blog/ngreact.png

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/utils/sliceChildren.js

Author:jhiswin 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/config/browserify.js
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/config/browserify.js
package.json

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ivan Kozik 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ivan Kozik 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ivan Kozik 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/.jshintrc
src/utils/isTextInputElement.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/dom/components/AutoFocusMixin.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticDragEvent.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:cpojer 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Wincent Colaiuta 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
npm-react/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js

Author:Jignesh Kakadiya 
src/core/ReactOwner.js

Author:Jignesh Kakadiya 
src/core/ReactOwner.js

Author:Jignesh Kakadiya 
src/core/ReactOwner.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/getComponentKey.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/getComponentKey.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
README.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/index.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/docs/videos.md
docs/img/docs/javascript-jabber.png

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Fabio M. Costa 
docs/index.md

Author:Fabio M. Costa 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Fabio M. Costa 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/dom/isEventSupported.js

Author:Fabio M. Costa 
docs/index.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-12-23-community-roundup-12.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-12-23-community-roundup-12.md
docs/img/blog/jsx-compiler.png
docs/img/blog/lights-out.png
docs/img/blog/om-backbone.png
docs/img/blog/reactive-bookmarklet.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.md
docs/docs/ref-08-reconciliation.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Luigy Leon 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Logan Allen 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
.gitignore
docs/_js/html-jsx-lib.js
docs/_js/html-jsx.js
docs/_js/jsx-compiler.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/html-jsx.md

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2014-01-06-community-roundup-14.md
docs/img/blog/animal-sounds.jpg

Author:Mouad Debbar 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactTextComponent.js
src/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactTextComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventTopLevelCallback-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Keito Uchiyama 
.mailmap

Author:Jun, WU 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:WU Jun 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-gotchas.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/09.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/10-examples.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-0.8.0.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-12-19-react-v0.8.0.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
AUTHORS

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-0.4.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.5.2.zip

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
docs/_posts/2013-12-18-react-v0.5.2-v0.4.2.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads/react-0.3.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.3.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.3.2.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.3.3.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.4.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.4.1.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.5.0.zip
docs/downloads/react-0.5.1.zip

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.md
docs/docs/ref-07-special-non-dom-attributes.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Kit Randel 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Tim Yung 
src/test/createHierarchyRenderer.js

Author:Jared Forsyth 
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md

Author:Jared Forsyth 
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md

Author:Jared Forsyth 
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
package.json
vendor/constants.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/ReactJSErrors.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Thomas Aylott 
src/core/ReactTextComponent.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
src/core/__tests__/ReactTextComponent-test.js

Author:Nicholas Bergson-Shilcock 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionKeySet.js

Author:Nicholas Bergson-Shilcock 
docs/docs/09.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Fabio M. Costa 
src/test/ReactPerf.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/version-check.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/version-check.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:cpojer 
src/.jshintrc
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/vendor/error/ex.js

Author:Fabio M. Costa 
src/test/ReactPerf.js

Author:Fabio M. Costa 
src/vendor/stubs/EventListener.js

Author:Jared Forsyth 
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md

Author:Jared Forsyth 
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Brian Cooke 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/constants.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/complexity.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/tasks/sauce-tunnel.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/vendor/core/dom/getUnboundedScrollPosition.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react/package.json
package.json
src/core/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/npm-react.js
npm-react/README.md
npm-react/ReactJSErrors.js
npm-react/addons.js
npm-react/package.json
npm-react/react.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
npm-react-core/README.md

Author:petehunt 
grunt/tasks/populist.js
npm-react-core/package.json
package.json
src/core/React.js

Author:petehunt 
README.md

Author:petehunt 
package.json

Author:petehunt 
npm-react-core/package.json

Author:petehunt 
npm-react-core/ReactJSErrors.js
npm-react-core/addons.js
npm-react-core/package.json
npm-react-core/react.js

Author:petehunt 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:petehunt 
grunt/config/browserify.js
npm-react-core/README.md
vendor/constants.js

Author:petehunt 
npm-react-core/package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/react-core.js
npm-react-core/README.md
npm-react-core/addons.js
npm-react-core/package.json
npm-react-core/react.js

Author:petehunt 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:petehunt 
grunt/config/browserify.js
package.json
vendor/constants.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cartas 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionableChild.js

Author:Cartas 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionableChild.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json

Author:Paul Shen 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Thomas Aylott 
Author:Thomas Aylott 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/index.html

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/complexity.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/complexity.js
package.json

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:cpojer 
bin/jsx-internal
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Marshall Roch 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Sean Kinsey 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js

Author:John Watson 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Marshall Roch 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:Marshall Roch 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js
package.json

Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js
package.json

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:Vjeux 
docs/index.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/blog/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/downloads.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:petehunt 
docs/_js/examples/timer.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/vendor/core/dom/getUnboundedScrollPosition.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_data/nav_tips.yml
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.md
docs/tips/14-communicate-between-components.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/downloads.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Thomas Aylott 
src/core/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
.travis.yml
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Marshall Roch 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Marshall Roch 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactPropTypeLocationNames.js
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:David Hellsing 
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
src/test/getTestDocument.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
src/test/getTestDocument.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
src/test/getTestDocument.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Alpert 
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/vendor/stubs/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
test/index.html

Author:Ben Alpert 
test/lib/jasmine-execute.js
vendor/jasmine-jsreporter/jasmine-jsreporter.js

Author:Sundeep Malladi 
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventTopLevelCallback-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/all.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/test/all.js
src/test/mock-modules.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/06-forms.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/core/ReactMountReady.js

Author:Christoph Pojer 
src/test/ReactPerf.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionableChild.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Marshall Roch 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionableChild.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Marshall Roch 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Levi McCallum 
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventTopLevelCallback-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_data/nav_docs.yml
docs/_data/nav_tips.yml
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/blog/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/Gemfile
docs/Gemfile.lock

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-11-18-community-roundup-11.md
docs/img/blog/genesis_skeleton.png
docs/img/blog/steve_reverse.gif
docs/img/blog/tutsplus.png
docs/img/blog/xoxo2013.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/09.3-class-name-manipulation.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_plugins/header_links.rb

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/coverage-parse.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/server.js
grunt/tasks/coverage-parse.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/server.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/coverage-parse.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/server.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/server.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/populist.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
src/environment/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/test/worker.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/lib/reportTestResults.browser.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
package.json

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.gitignore

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/browserify.js

Author:Daniel Lo Nigro 
src/core/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventTopLevelCallback-test.js

Author:Marshall Roch 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionableChild.js
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactContext.js
src/core/ReactPropTypeLocations.js
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/environment/ReactServerRendering.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js

Author:Marshall Roch 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactTextComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js

Author:Andreas Svensson 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js

Author:Pieter Vanderwerff 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.jshintrc
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/server.js
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/tasks/populist.js
grunt/tasks/sauce-tunnel.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-phantomjs.js
src/.jshintrc

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
Author:Ben Newman 
vendor/constants.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Simon Højberg 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionKeySet.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionKeySet-test.js

Author:Simon Højberg 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Thomas Aylott 
Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/lib/reportTestResults.browser.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js
test/lib/reportTestResults.browser.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/lib/reportTestResults.browser.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/server.js
test/lib/reportTestResults.browser.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/lib/testImageURL.browser.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/server.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js
test/lib/reportTestResults.browser.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/server.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/tasks/sauce-tunnel.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.gitignore

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/sauce-tunnel.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/sauce-tunnel.js
package.json

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
vendor/constants.js

Author:Ben Newman 
package.json
vendor/constants.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Brian Kim 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js

Author:Pieter Vanderwerff 
docs/_css/react.scss

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/tips/01-introduction.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/_layouts/tips.html
docs/tips/01-introduction.md
docs/tips/02-inline-styles.md
docs/tips/03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/tips/04-self-closing-tag.md
docs/tips/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.md
docs/tips/06-style-props-value-px.md
docs/tips/07-children-props-type.md
docs/tips/08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/tips/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md
docs/tips/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/tips/11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/tips/12-initial-ajax.md
docs/tips/13-false-in-jsx.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactInputSelection.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/vendor/core/dom/containsNode.js

Author:Mouad Debbar 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Marshall Roch 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Felix Kling 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentError-test.js
src/vendor/stubs/ReactErrorUtils.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Fabio M. Costa 
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md

Author:Andreas Svensson 
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticWheelEvent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andreas Svensson 
package.json
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/09-addons.md
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md
docs/docs/09.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/09.3-class-name-manipulation.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Guido Bouman 
docs/_css/react.scss

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/server.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
bin/jsx
bin/jsx-internal
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js
test/index.html

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.gitignore
test/the-files-to-test.generated.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
package.json

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/phantom.js
grunt/tasks/phantom.js
test/index.html
test/phantom-harness.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/lib/jasmine-execute.js
test/lib/reportTestResults.browser.js
test/lib/testImageURL.browser.js
test/sauce-harness.html

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-11-06-community-roundup-10.md
docs/img/blog/guess_filter.jpg
docs/img/blog/react-php.png

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/browser-runner.js
test/browser.html

Author:Thomas Aylott 
build/jasmine.js
build/react-test.js
build/react.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/testImageURL.browser.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/reportTestResults.browser.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-phantomjs.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
package.json

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/server.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/saucelabs-jasmine.js
grunt/config/webdriver-jasmine.js
grunt/tasks/webdriver-jasmine.js
package.json

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/sauce-harness.html

Author:Thomas Aylott 
grunt/config/server.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
vendor/jasmine/jasmine-support.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/jasmine-execute.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/reportTestResults.browser.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
vendor/jasmine/jasmine-support.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/reportTestResults.browser.js
test/testImageURL.browser.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
package.json

Author:Thomas Aylott 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/server.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
vendor/jasmine/jasmine-html.js
vendor/jasmine/jasmine.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml

Author:Thomas Aylott 
package.json

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.travis.yml
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/saucelabs-jasmine.js
grunt/config/server.js
package.json
test/jasmine-execute.js
test/sauce-harness.html
vendor/jasmine-jsreporter/jasmine-jsreporter.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/browser-runner.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/phantom-harness.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/browser-runner.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.gitignore
grunt/tasks/populist.js
test/browser-runner.js
test/the-files-to-test.generated.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
build/jasmine.js
build/react-test.js
build/react.js
test/the files to test.generated.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
src/environment/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
package.json

Author:Thomas Aylott 
package.json
test/browser-runner.js
test/jasmine-execute.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
src/environment/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/test/worker.js
test/browser-runner.js
test/phantom-harness.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
test/browser-runner.js
test/browser.html
test/jasmine-execute.js

Author:Thomas Aylott 
.gitignore
grunt/tasks/populist.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pete Hunt 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md
docs/img/blog/thinking-in-react-components.png
docs/img/blog/thinking-in-react-mock.png

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.md

Author:Paul Shen 
src/utils/__tests__/mergeFuncs-test.js
src/vendor/core/merge.js
src/vendor/core/mergeDeep.js
src/vendor/core/mergeDeepInto.js
src/vendor/core/mergeHelpers.js
src/vendor/core/mergeInto.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/core/shouldUpdateReactComponent.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Andrey Popp 
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_css/react.scss

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-11-05-thinking-in-react-md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-11-04-thinking-in-react.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-10-30-thinking-in-react.md

Author:SanderSpies 
src/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:SanderSpies 
src/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_config.yml
docs/cookbook/01-introduction.md
docs/cookbook/04-self-closing-tag.md
docs/cookbook/05-maximum-number-of-jsx-root-nodes.md
docs/cookbook/06-style-props-value-px.md
docs/cookbook/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md
docs/cookbook/10-props-in-getInitialState-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/cookbook/11-dom-event-listeners.md

Author:Laurence Rowe 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/index.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/core/ReactDOMSelection.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
Gruntfile.js
examples/wrapup/index.html
grunt/config/compress.js
grunt/config/wrapup.js
grunt/tasks/wrapup.js
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Matti Nelimarkka 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/index.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/09.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md
docs/docs/09.3-class-name-manipulation.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/09-addons.md
docs/docs/09.1-animation.md
docs/docs/09.2-form-input-binding-sugar.md

Author:Tim Yung 
src/vendor/core/dom/getDocumentScrollElement.js
src/vendor/core/dom/getUnboundedScrollPosition.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/09-addons.md
examples/transitions/transition.css

Author:JeffMo 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Gruntfile.js
examples/wrapup/index.html
grunt/config/compress.js
grunt/config/wrapup.js
grunt/tasks/wrapup.js
package.json

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Mark Richardson 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/dom/ViewportMetrics.js
src/vendor/core/dom/getDocumentScrollElement.js
src/vendor/core/dom/getUnboundedScrollPosition.js

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/_config.yml

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/05-jsx-root-node-count.md
docs/cookbook/06-style-props-value-px.md
docs/cookbook/07-children-props-type.md
docs/cookbook/08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/cookbook/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md
docs/cookbook/10-props-in-getInitialSate-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/cookbook/11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/cookbook/12-initial-ajax.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/Gruntfile.js
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-10-29-react-v0-5-1.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
AUTHORS
CHANGELOG.md
README.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/07-children-prop-type.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/_js/cookbook/inline-styles.js
docs/js/cookbook/inline-styles.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/cookbook/12-initial-ajax.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/cookbook/01-introduction.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/cookbook/04-self-closing-tag.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/_config.yml
docs/cookbook/01-introduction-tip.md
docs/cookbook/01-introduction.md
docs/cookbook/02-inline-styles tip.md
docs/cookbook/02-inline-styles.md
docs/cookbook/03-if-else-in-JSX tip.md
docs/cookbook/03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/cookbook/04-self-closing-tag tip.md
docs/cookbook/04-self-closing-tag.md
docs/cookbook/05-jsx-root-node-count tip.md
docs/cookbook/05-jsx-root-node-count.md
docs/cookbook/06-style-prop-value-px tip.md
docs/cookbook/06-style-prop-value-px.md
docs/cookbook/07-children-prop-type tip.md
docs/cookbook/07-children-prop-type.md
docs/cookbook/08-controlled-input-null-value tip.md
docs/cookbook/08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/cookbook/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting-tip.md
docs/cookbook/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md
docs/cookbook/10-props-in-getInitialSate-as-anti-pattern-tip.md
docs/cookbook/10-props-in-getInitialSate-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/cookbook/11-dom-event-listeners tip.md
docs/cookbook/11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/cookbook/12-initial-ajax tip.md
docs/cookbook/12-initial-ajax.md
docs/cookbook/13-false-in-jsx tip.md
docs/cookbook/13-false-in-jsx.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/Gruntfile.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/13-false-in-jsx.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/13-false-in-jsx tip.md
docs/cookbook/13-false-in-jsx.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/cookbook/01-introduction-tip.md
docs/cookbook/01-introduction.md
docs/cookbook/02-inline-styles tip.md
docs/cookbook/02-inline-styles.md
docs/cookbook/03-if-else-in-JSX tip.md
docs/cookbook/03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/cookbook/04-self-closing-tag tip.md
docs/cookbook/04-self-closing-tag.md
docs/cookbook/05-jsx-root-node-count tip.md
docs/cookbook/05-jsx-root-node-count.md
docs/cookbook/06-style-prop-value-px tip.md
docs/cookbook/06-style-prop-value-px.md
docs/cookbook/07-children-prop-type tip.md
docs/cookbook/07-children-prop-type.md
docs/cookbook/08-controlled-input-null-value tip.md
docs/cookbook/08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/cookbook/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting-tip.md
docs/cookbook/09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md
docs/cookbook/10-props-in-getInitialSate-as-anti-pattern-tip.md
docs/cookbook/10-props-in-getInitialSate-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/cookbook/11-dom-event-listeners tip.md
docs/cookbook/11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/cookbook/12-initial-ajax tip.md
docs/cookbook/12-initial-ajax.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/Gruntfile.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value.js

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/Gruntfile.js

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/extractCode.js

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/Gruntfile.js

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_layouts/cookbook.html
docs/cookbook/cb-01-introduction-tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-01-introduction.md
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles.md
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/cookbook/cb-04-self-closing-tag tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-04-self-closing-tag.md
docs/cookbook/cb-05-jsx-root-node-count tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-05-jsx-root-node-count.md
docs/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px.md
docs/cookbook/cb-07-children-prop-type tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-07-children-prop-type.md
docs/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/cookbook/cb-09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting-tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md
docs/cookbook/cb-10-props-in-getInitialSate-as-anti-pattern-tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-10-props-in-getInitialSate-as-anti-pattern.md
docs/cookbook/cb-11-dom-event-listeners tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/cookbook/cb-12-initial-ajax tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-12-initial-ajax.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/_config.yml

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-13-external-libraries-integration tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-13-external-libraries-integration.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-05-jsx-root-node-count tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-05-jsx-root-node-count.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-11-dom-event-listeners tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/cookbook/cb-13-external-libraries-integration tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-13-external-libraries-integration.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-12-initial-ajax tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-12-initial-ajax.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-01-introduction.md
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px.md
docs/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/cookbook/cb-09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting-tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md
docs/cookbook/cb-11-dom-event-listeners tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-11-dom-event-listeners.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-11-dom-event-listeners tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-11-dom-event-listeners.md
docs/cookbook/cb-11-event-listeners.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/cookbook/cb-04-self-closing-tag tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-04-self-closing-tag.md
docs/cookbook/cb-05-jsx-root-node-count tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-05-jsx-root-node-count.md
docs/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px.md
docs/cookbook/cb-07-children-prop-type tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-07-children-prop-type.md
docs/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value.md
docs/cookbook/cb-09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting-tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/cookbook/cb-11-event-listeners.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-10-props-in-getInitialSate-as-anti-pattern-tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-10-props-in-getInitialSate-as-anti-pattern.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-10-props-in-getInitialSate-as-anti-pattern-tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-10-props-in-getInitialSate-as-anti-pattern.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/Gruntfile.js
docs/extractCode.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value tip.js
docs/js/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value.js
docs/js/cookbook/inline-styles.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-01-introduction-tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-01-introduction.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles.md
docs/cookbook/cb-05-jsx-root-node-count tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting-tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting-tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-09-componentWillReceiveProps-not-triggered-after-mounting.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-08-controlled-input-null-value.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-06-style-prop-value-px.md
docs/cookbook/cb-07-children-prop-type tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-07-children-prop-type.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-05-jsx-root-node-count tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-05-jsx-root-node-count.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles.md
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX.md
docs/cookbook/cb-04-self-closing-tag tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-04-self-closing-tag.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles.md
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-04-self-closing-tag tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-04-self-closing-tag.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-03-if-else-in-JSX.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles tip.md
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/README.md
docs/_config.yml
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/_js/cookbook/inline-styles.js
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/cookbook/cb-01-introduction.md
docs/cookbook/cb-02-inline-styles.md

Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/cb-01-introduction.md
docs/docs/cb-02-inline-styles.md

Author:Laurence Rowe 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andrey Popp 
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/core/getReactRootElementInContainer.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_plugins/header_links.rb

Author:petehunt 
docs/index.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ian Obermiller 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js

Author:Brian Rue 
docs/docs/09-addons.md

Author:Cat Chen 
src/dom/Danger.js

Author:petehunt 
docs/index.md

Author:Josh Duck 
src/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:petehunt 
docs/index.md

Author:Keito Uchiyama 
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/OUTLINE.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_plugins/header_links.rb

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
README.md
docs/_posts/2013-10-16-react-v0.5.0.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/npm.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
package.json
src/core/React.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:JeffMo 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/.jshintrc

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactInputSelection.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/test/ReactPerf.js
src/utils/adler32.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS

Author:petehunt 
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/09-addons.md
docs/docs/10-examples.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:SanderSpies 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/escapeTextForBrowser-test.js
src/utils/escapeTextForBrowser.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:SanderSpies 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Martin Konicek 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Alexander Solovyov 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticMutationEvent.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Owen Coutts 
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/core/ReactDOMSelection.js

Author:Alexander Solovyov 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Alexander Solovyov 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Alexander Solovyov 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Alexander Solovyov 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js

Author:Keito Uchiyama 
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactDOM.js

Author:Jan Kassens 
src/test/ReactPerf.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/transitions/index.html
examples/transitions/transition.css

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
react-source.gemspec

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js
src/ReactWithAddons.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Connor McSheffrey 
docs/_posts/2013-10-3-community-roundup-9.md

Author:Josh Duck 
src/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/utils/isTextInputElement.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/dom/getActiveElement.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/React.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTransferer-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/core/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/core/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/ReactInputSelection.js
src/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/eventPlugins/SelectEventPlugin.js
src/utils/shallowEqual.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Samangan 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactMountReady.js
src/core/ReactReconcileTransaction.js

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-10-3-community-roundup-9.md
docs/img/blog/quiztime.png
docs/img/blog/react-hackathon.jpg
docs/img/blog/turboreact.png

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/ReactInputSelection.js
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/dom/isEventSupported.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactDOM.js
src/core/ReactDOMComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMComponent-test.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/vendor/core/dom/isTextNode.js
src/vendor/core/dom/nodeContains.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Andrew Zich 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactTextComponent.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/environment/ReactServerRendering.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-gotchas.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Gruntfile.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactWebWorker-test.js
src/test/all.js
src/test/phantomjs-shims.js
src/test/worker.js
test/phantom-harness.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactDOMSelection.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Daniel Miladinov 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/animation/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/reference.html

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-09-24-community-roundup-8.md
docs/img/blog/markdown_refactor.png
docs/img/blog/unite.png

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/addons/link/LinkedStateMixin.js
src/addons/link/ReactLink.js
src/addons/link/__tests__/LinkedStateMixin-test.js
src/dom/components/LinkedValueMixin.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Marshall Roch 
src/eventPlugins/CompositionEventPlugin.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/eventPlugins/CompositionEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/core/ReactDOMSelection.js
src/core/ReactInputSelection.js
src/dom/__tests__/getNodeForCharacterOffset-test.js
src/dom/getNodeForCharacterOffset.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/Gemfile
docs/Gemfile.lock
docs/_plugins/header_links.rb

Author:Keito Uchiyama 
docs/docs/07.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Keito Uchiyama 
docs/_posts/2013-07-17-react-v0-4-0.md
docs/docs/07.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticCompositionEvent.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:SanderSpies 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:SanderSpies 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:SanderSpies 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/Rakefile

Author:Ben Newman 
package.json
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
vendor/constants.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/Gemfile
docs/Gemfile.lock
docs/_config.yml
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/09-examples.md
docs/docs/09-reference.md
docs/docs/ref-01-top-level-api.md
docs/docs/ref-02-component-api.md
docs/docs/ref-03-component-specs.md
docs/docs/ref-04-tags-and-attributes.md
docs/docs/ref-05-events.md
docs/docs/ref-06-dom-differences.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticTouchEvent.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:yungsters 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Josh Duck 
src/core/ReactInputSelection.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/dom/__tests__/mutateHTMLNodeWithMarkup-test.js

Author:Josh Duck 
src/core/ReactInputSelection.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
Gruntfile.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/version.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
src/core/React.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.mailmap
AUTHORS
scripts/authors

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Isaac Salier-Hellendag 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticClipboardEvent.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/config/jsx/debug.json
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js
grunt/config/jsx/release.json
grunt/config/jsx/test.json
grunt/tasks/jsx.js
src/.jshintrc
src/core/React.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/dom/getEventTarget.js
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js
src/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/animation/index.html
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js
examples/todomvc-director/js/footer.jsx
examples/todomvc-director/js/todoItem.jsx
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/dom/Danger.js
src/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/dom/Danger.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionableChild.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/browserify.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
examples/todomvc-backbone/README.md
examples/todomvc-backbone/css/base.css
examples/todomvc-backbone/index.html
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
bin/jsx
bin/jsx-internal
grunt/tasks/jsx.js
grunt/tasks/npm.js
package.json

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:petehunt 
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionKeySet.js
src/core/React.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactRenderDocument-test.js
src/dom/Danger.js
src/dom/__tests__/mutateHTMLNodeWithMarkup-test.js
src/dom/filterAttributes.js
src/dom/mutateHTMLNodeWithMarkup.js
src/test/getTestDocument.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Clay Allsopp 
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/CSSCore.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/dom/Danger.js
src/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionEvents.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionGroup.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionKeySet.js
src/addons/transitions/ReactTransitionableChild.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionGroup-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionKeySet-test.js
src/addons/transitions/__tests__/ReactTransitionableChild-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/support.md

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_layouts/redirect.html
docs/docs/index.html

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Clay Allsopp 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
examples/todomvc-director/README.md
examples/todomvc-director/bower.json
examples/todomvc-director/index.html
examples/todomvc-director/js/app.jsx
examples/todomvc-director/js/footer.jsx
examples/todomvc-director/js/todoItem.jsx
examples/todomvc-director/js/utils.jsx
examples/todomvc/css/base.css
examples/todomvc/css/bg.png
examples/todomvc/index.html
examples/todomvc/js/app.js
examples/todomvc/js/ie.js

Author:Brian Rue 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/performanceNow.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactDefaultBatchingStrategy.js
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/utils/ImmutableObject.js
src/vendor/core/dom/isNode.js

Author:Andrew Zich 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMButton.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMButton-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/objMap.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_includes/nav_blog.html
docs/blog/all.html
docs/blog/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:Vjeux 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-08-26-community-roundup-7.md
docs/img/blog/react-page.png
docs/img/blog/wolfenstein_react.png

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js

Author:Clay Allsopp 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Eric Clemmons 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Danny Ben-David 
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/test/ReactDefaultPerf.js
src/test/ReactPerf.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jordan Walke 
src/core/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/vendor/core/ExecutionEnvironment.js

Author:Jordan Walke 
src/core/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/vendor/core/createNodesFromMarkup.js
src/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:JeffMo 
bin/jsx
main.js
package.json
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/fbtransform/lib/docblock.js
vendor/fbtransform/lib/transform.js
vendor/fbtransform/lib/utils.js
vendor/fbtransform/syntax.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/classes.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js

Author:Clay Allsopp 
README.md
docs/downloads.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/downloads.md
docs/jsx-compiler.md

Author:Clay Allsopp 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Kunal Mehta 
docs/_posts/2013-08-19-use-react-and-jsx-in-python-applications.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Tim Yung 
src/utils/ImmutableObject.js
src/utils/__tests__/ImmutableObject-test.js
src/vendor/core/dom/isDOMNode.js

Author:Stoyan 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMSelect-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/$.js
src/vendor/core/createArrayFrom.js
src/vendor/core/createObjectFrom.js
src/vendor/core/hasArrayNature.js
src/vendor/core/requestAnimationFrame.js

Author:James Ide 
src/utils/__tests__/objFilter-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/objMap-test.js
src/utils/bindNoArgs.js
src/utils/curryOnly.js
src/utils/eachKeyVal.js
src/utils/objFilter.js
src/utils/objMap.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbåge 
Author:Jordan Walke 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponentBrowserEnvironment.js
src/core/ReactComponentEnvironment.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:Jordan Walke 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitterMixin.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/tasks/phantom.js
package.json

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMInput-test.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul Shen 
src/core/React.js
src/utils/ReactChildren.js
src/utils/__tests__/ReactChildren-test.js

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-08-05-community-roundup-6.md
docs/img/blog/dog-tutorial.png
docs/img/blog/landoflisp.png

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Peter Cottle 
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/wrapup/index.html

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/dom/Danger.js
src/vendor/core/createArrayFrom.js
src/vendor/core/createNodesFromMarkup.js
src/vendor/core/getMarkupWrap.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-07-30-use-react-and-jsx-in-ruby-on-rails.md

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Daniel Gasienica 
examples/ballmer-peak/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
Author:yungsters 
src/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js

Author:yungsters 
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-07-26-react-v0-4-1.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactMultiChildUpdateTypes.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChild-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/dom/Danger.js
src/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/dom/insertNodeAt.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/utils/throwIf.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Tim Yung 
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/Transaction.js
src/utils/accumulate.js
src/utils/escapeTextForBrowser.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/utils/keyMirror.js
src/utils/mapAllChildren.js
src/utils/mergeDeepInto.js
src/utils/mergeHelpers.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/utils/ImmutableObject.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/utils/OrderedMap.js

Author:Jordan Walke 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/core/ReactID.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactTextComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/getReactRootElementInContainer.js
src/environment/ReactMarkupChecksum.js
src/environment/ReactServerRendering.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/utils/adler32.js

Author:Jordan Walke 
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jakub Malinowski 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Jakub Malinowski 
Author:Cheng Lou 
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
react-source.gemspec

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-07-23-community-roundup-5.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/eventPlugins/MobileSafariClickEventPlugin.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticEvent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js

Author:Jordan Walke 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/ReactID.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js

Author:Jakub Malinowski 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_posts/2013-06-27-community-roundup-3.md
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/07.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/09-reference.md

Author:Jamie Wong 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
src/test/all.js
test/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Ben Newman 
src/test/all.js
test/index.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jamie Wong 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:Ben Newman 
src/test/all.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/config/populist.js
src/test/all.js
test/frame.html
test/index.html
test/phantom-harness.js

Author:Ben Newman 
bin/jsx

Author:Hugo Jobling 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Hugo Jobling 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Hugo Jobling 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/ReactID.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_js/examples/timer.js
docs/_js/examples/todo.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_js/examples/todo.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-07-17-react-v0-4-0.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
docs/_posts/2013-07-17-react-v0-4-0.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js
examples/todomvc/js/app.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/css/bootstrap-responsive.css
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/css/bootstrap.css
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/css/docs.css
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/ico/apple-touch-icon-114-precomposed.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/ico/apple-touch-icon-144-precomposed.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/ico/apple-touch-icon-57-precomposed.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/ico/apple-touch-icon-72-precomposed.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/ico/favicon.ico
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/bird.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/bootstrap-mdo-sfmoma-01.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/bootstrap-mdo-sfmoma-02.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/bootstrap-mdo-sfmoma-03.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/browsers.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/example-sites/fleetio.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/example-sites/jshint.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/example-sites/kippt.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/example-sites/soundready.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/examples/bootstrap-example-fluid.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/examples/bootstrap-example-hero.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/examples/bootstrap-example-starter.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/github-16px.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons-halflings-white.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons-halflings.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_009_magic.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_042_group.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_079_podium.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_082_roundabout.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_155_show_thumbnails.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_163_iphone.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_214_resize_small.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_266_book_open.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/grid-18px-masked.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/icon-css3.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/icon-github.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/icon-html5.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/icon-twitter.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/less-logo-large.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/less-small.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/responsive-illustrations.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/README.md
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/application.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-alert.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-button.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-carousel.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-collapse.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-dropdown.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-modal.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-popover.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-scrollspy.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-tab.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-tooltip.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-transition.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-typeahead.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/google-code-prettify/prettify.css
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/google-code-prettify/prettify.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/jquery.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/base-css.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/components.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/download.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/examples.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/examples/fluid.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/examples/hero.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/examples/starter-template.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/index.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/javascript.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/less.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/scaffolding.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/layout.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/base-css.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/components.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/download.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/examples.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/index.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/javascript.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/less.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/scaffolding.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/upgrading.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/upgrading.html
docs/docs/likebutton/img/LikeToggler.png
docs/docs/likebutton/img/ReactDataDiagram.png
docs/docs/likebutton/img/ReactLogo3.png
docs/docs/likebutton/img/glyphicons-halflings-white.png
docs/docs/likebutton/img/glyphicons-halflings.png
docs/docs/likebutton/index.html
docs/docs/likebutton/js/.jshintrc
docs/docs/likebutton/js/README.md
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-alert.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-button.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-carousel.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-collapse.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-dropdown.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-modal.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-popover.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-scrollspy.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-tab.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-tooltip.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-transition.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-typeahead.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/index.html
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/phantom.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/server.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-alert.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-button.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-carousel.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-collapse.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-dropdown.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-modal.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-phantom.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-popover.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-scrollspy.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-tab.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-tooltip.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-transition.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-typeahead.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/vendor/jquery.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/vendor/qunit.css
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/vendor/qunit.js
docs/docs/likebutton/oneclick/app.js
docs/docs/likebutton/oneclick/index.html
docs/docs/likebutton/oneclick/oneClickReact.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-07-17-react-v0-4-0.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
CHANGELOG.md
docs/downloads.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/jsx/debug.json
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js
grunt/config/jsx/release.json
grunt/config/jsx/test.json
grunt/tasks/jsx.js
src/.jshintrc
src/core/React.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/09-reference.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/09-reference.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/_js/examples/timer.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/06-forms.md
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/09-reference.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/07.1-more-about-refs.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/06-forms.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-gotchas.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/01-why-react.md

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/01-why-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
grunt/config/jsx/debug.json
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js
grunt/config/jsx/release.json
grunt/config/jsx/test.json
grunt/tasks/jsx.js
src/.jshintrc
src/core/React.js

Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/01-why-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/01-why-react.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-gotchas.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/06-forms.md
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/07.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/09-reference.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/docs/01-why-react.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-gotchas.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/06-forms.md
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/07.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/09-reference.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/docs/04-scaling-up.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/config/populist.js
grunt/tasks/populist.js
test/index.html

Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/ReactID.js
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:Jan Kassens 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/dom/Danger.js
src/dom/__tests__/Danger-test.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMOption.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMSelect.js

Author:Jordan Walke 
src/utils/__tests__/traverseAllChildren-test.js

Author:Jordan Walke 
src/utils/__tests__/mapAllChildren-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/mapChildren-test.js
src/utils/mapAllChildren.js
src/utils/mapChildren.js

Author:Jordan Walke 
src/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/utils/traverseAllChildren.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/$.js
src/vendor/core/emptyFunction.js
src/vendor/core/hasArrayNature.js
src/vendor/core/requestAnimationFrame.js
src/vendor/stubs/EventListener.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
Gruntfile.js
bin/jsx
grunt/config/jsx/debug.json
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js
grunt/config/jsx/test.json

Author:Ben Newman 
src/test/mocks.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/test/mock-modules.js

Author:Ben Newman 
bin/jsx
grunt/config/jsx/debug.json
src/test/mock-modules.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/populist.js
grunt/tasks/populist.js
package.json
src/test/all.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
LICENSE

Author:Pete Hunt 
LICENSE

Author:petehunt 
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html

Author:petehunt 
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/01-motivation.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.md
docs/docs/05-building-effective-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/05-building-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-your-environment.md
docs/docs/09-reference.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/docs/01-motivation.md
docs/docs/01-why-react.md
docs/docs/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/02.2-jsx-gotchas.md
docs/docs/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/04-scaling-up.md
docs/docs/05-building-effective-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/05-building-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/06-forms.md
docs/docs/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/07.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/08-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/08-working-with-your-environment.md
docs/docs/09-reference.md
docs/docs/09.1-tutorial.md
docs/docs/OUTLINE.md
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/css/bootstrap-responsive.css
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/css/bootstrap.css
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/css/docs.css
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/ico/apple-touch-icon-114-precomposed.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/ico/apple-touch-icon-144-precomposed.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/ico/apple-touch-icon-57-precomposed.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/ico/apple-touch-icon-72-precomposed.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/ico/favicon.ico
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/bird.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/bootstrap-mdo-sfmoma-01.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/bootstrap-mdo-sfmoma-02.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/bootstrap-mdo-sfmoma-03.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/browsers.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/example-sites/fleetio.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/example-sites/jshint.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/example-sites/kippt.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/example-sites/soundready.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/examples/bootstrap-example-fluid.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/examples/bootstrap-example-hero.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/examples/bootstrap-example-starter.jpg
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/github-16px.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons-halflings-white.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons-halflings.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_009_magic.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_042_group.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_079_podium.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_082_roundabout.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_155_show_thumbnails.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_163_iphone.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_214_resize_small.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/glyphicons/glyphicons_266_book_open.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/grid-18px-masked.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/icon-css3.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/icon-github.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/icon-html5.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/icon-twitter.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/less-logo-large.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/less-small.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/img/responsive-illustrations.png
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/README.md
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/application.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-alert.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-button.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-carousel.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-collapse.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-dropdown.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-modal.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-popover.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-scrollspy.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-tab.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-tooltip.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-transition.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap-typeahead.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/google-code-prettify/prettify.css
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/google-code-prettify/prettify.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/assets/js/jquery.js
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/base-css.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/components.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/download.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/examples.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/examples/fluid.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/examples/hero.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/examples/starter-template.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/index.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/javascript.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/less.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/scaffolding.html
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/layout.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/base-css.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/components.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/download.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/examples.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/index.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/javascript.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/less.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/scaffolding.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/templates/pages/upgrading.mustache
docs/docs/likebutton/docs/upgrading.html
docs/docs/likebutton/img/LikeToggler.png
docs/docs/likebutton/img/ReactDataDiagram.png
docs/docs/likebutton/img/ReactLogo3.png
docs/docs/likebutton/img/glyphicons-halflings-white.png
docs/docs/likebutton/img/glyphicons-halflings.png
docs/docs/likebutton/index.html
docs/docs/likebutton/js/.jshintrc
docs/docs/likebutton/js/README.md
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-alert.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-button.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-carousel.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-collapse.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-dropdown.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-modal.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-popover.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-scrollspy.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-tab.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-tooltip.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-transition.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/bootstrap-typeahead.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/index.html
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/phantom.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/server.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-alert.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-button.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-carousel.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-collapse.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-dropdown.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-modal.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-phantom.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-popover.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-scrollspy.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-tab.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-tooltip.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-transition.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/unit/bootstrap-typeahead.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/vendor/jquery.js
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/vendor/qunit.css
docs/docs/likebutton/js/tests/vendor/qunit.js
docs/docs/likebutton/oneclick/app.js
docs/docs/likebutton/oneclick/index.html
docs/docs/likebutton/oneclick/oneClickReact.js
docs/docs/refactor/build.py

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/01-why-react.md
docs/docs/refactor/04-multiple-components.md
docs/docs/refactor/05-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/refactor/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/refactor/08-tooling-integration.md
docs/docs/refactor/09-reference.md
docs/docs/refactor/09.1-tutorial.md
docs/docs/refactor/build.py

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/04-scaling-up.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/advanced-components.md
docs/docs/api.md
docs/docs/common-questions.md
docs/docs/component-basics.md
docs/docs/component-data.md
docs/docs/component-lifecycle.md
docs/docs/event-handling.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/jsx-is-not-html.md
docs/docs/mixins.md
docs/docs/syntax.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/09-reference.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/09-reference.md
docs/docs/refactor/09.1-tutorial.md
docs/docs/refactor/OUTLINE.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/refactor/08-working-with-your-environment.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/refactor/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/refactor/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/refactor/07.1-more-about-refs.md
docs/docs/refactor/09-reference.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/refactor/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/refactor/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/refactor/02.2-jsx-gotchas.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/refactor/01-motivation.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/refactor/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/refactor/02.2-jsx-gotchas.md
docs/docs/refactor/09-reference.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md
docs/docs/refactor/08-working-with-your-environment.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md
docs/docs/refactor/01-motivation.md
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/refactor/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/refactor/07-working-with-the-browser.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md
docs/docs/refactor/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/refactor/03-interactivity-and-dynamic-uis.md
docs/docs/refactor/04-scaling-up.md
docs/docs/refactor/05-building-effective-reusable-components.md
docs/docs/refactor/06-forms.md
docs/docs/refactor/07-working-with-the-browser.md
docs/docs/refactor/07.1-more-about.refs.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md
docs/docs/refactor/01-motivation.md
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/refactor/03-handling-user-input.md
docs/docs/refactor/04-scaling-up.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/01-motivation.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/refactor/03-handling-user-input.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/03-handling-user-input.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md
docs/docs/refactor/04-scaling-up.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md
docs/docs/refactor/02.1-jsx-in-depth.md
docs/docs/refactor/03-handling-user-input.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/01-motivation.md
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/01-motivation.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/refactor/00-table-of-contents.md
docs/docs/refactor/01-motivation.md
docs/docs/refactor/02-displaying-data.md

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactDoNotBindDeprecated.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactOwner.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/.jshintrc

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-07-11-react-v0-4-prop-validation-and-default-values.md

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactPropTypes.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentSpec-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactPropTypes-test.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/ReactID.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul Shen 
.gitignore

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Paul O'Shannessy 
src/core/ReactDOM.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/utils/mergeHelpers.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Andrey Popp 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Andrey Popp 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Cheng Lou 
docs/docs/api.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/tasks/npm.js

Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/tasks/phantom.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-07-03-community-roundup-4.md
docs/img/blog/monkeys.gif
docs/img/blog/snake.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Laurence Rowe 
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/common-questions.md

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactUpdates.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/event/CallbackRegistry.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Tim Yung 
src/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js
src/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/dom/DefaultDOMPropertyConfig.js
src/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Sebastian Markbage 
src/utils/__tests__/sliceChildren-test.js
src/utils/sliceChildren.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
docs/docs/syntax.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Pete Hunt 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDOM.js

Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-07-02-react-v0-4-autobind-by-default.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactUpdates.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactUpdates-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js

Author:Pete Hunt 
Author:Laurence Rowe 
src/core/ReactDOM.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/tasks/jsx.js
package.json

Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentFlattenChildren-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/mapChildren-test.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/utils/mapChildren.js
src/utils/onlyChild.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticMouseEvent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/mapChildren-test.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactDOM.js
src/core/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/dom/components/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
React/$.js
React/AbstractEvent.js
React/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
React/BrowserEnv.js
React/CSSProperty.js
React/CSSPropertyOperations.js
React/CallbackRegistry.js
React/DOMChildrenOperations.js
React/DOMProperty.js
React/DOMPropertyOperations.js
React/Danger.js
React/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
React/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
React/EventConstants.js
React/EventListener.js
React/EventPluginHub.js
React/EventPluginUtils.js
React/EventPropagators.js
React/ExecutionEnvironment.js
React/ImmutableObject.js
React/NormalizedEventListener.js
React/OrderedMap.js
React/PooledClass.js
React/React.js
React/ReactComponent.js
React/ReactCompositeComponent.js
React/ReactCurrentOwner.js
React/ReactDOM.js
React/ReactDOMForm.js
React/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
React/ReactDOMNodeCache.js
React/ReactDefaultInjection.js
React/ReactEvent.js
React/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
React/ReactInputSelection.js
React/ReactInstanceHandles.js
React/ReactMount.js
React/ReactMultiChild.js
React/ReactNativeComponent.js
React/ReactOnDOMReady.js
React/ReactOwner.js
React/ReactPropTransferer.js
React/ReactProps.js
React/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
React/ReactStateSetters.js
React/ReactTestUtils.js
React/ReactTextComponent.js
React/ResponderEventPlugin.js
React/SimpleEventPlugin.js
React/TapEventPlugin.js
React/TouchEventUtils.js
React/Transaction.js
React/accumulate.js
React/copyProperties.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactComponentFlattenChildren-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentSpec-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentTransferProps-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactEvent-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactProps-test.js
React/core/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
React/core/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
React/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
React/createObjectFrom.js
React/cx.js
React/dangerousStyleValue.js
React/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
React/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
React/domUtils/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
React/domUtils/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
React/emptyFunction.js
React/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
React/erx.js
React/escapeTextForBrowser.js
React/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
React/event/synthetic/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
React/event/synthetic/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js
React/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
React/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
React/ex.js
React/flattenChildren.js
React/forEachAccumulated.js
React/ge.js
React/getDOMNodeID.js
React/getTextContentAccessor.js
React/hasArrayNature.js
React/hyphenate.js
React/insertNodeAt.js
React/invariant.js
React/isEventSupported.js
React/joinClasses.js
React/keyMirror.js
React/keyOf.js
React/memoizeStringOnly.js
React/merge.js
React/mergeDeep.js
React/mergeDeepInto.js
React/mergeHelpers.js
React/mergeInto.js
React/mixInto.js
React/mock-modules.js
React/mocks.js
React/objFilter.js
React/objMap.js
React/objMapKeyVal.js
React/reactComponentExpect.js
React/test/all.js
React/test/mock-timers.js
React/throwIf.js
React/utils/__tests__/ImmutableObject-test.js
React/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
React/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
React/utils/__tests__/joinClasses-test.js
React/utils/__tests__/keyMirror-test.js
React/utils/__tests__/mapChildren-test.js
React/utils/__tests__/memoizeStringOnly-test.js
React/utils/__tests__/mergeFuncs-test.js
React/utils/__tests__/objFilter-test.js
React/utils/__tests__/objMap-test.js
React/vendor/error/__tests__/erx-test.js
React/vendor/error/__tests__/ex-test.js
all/HtmlReporter.js
all/PrintReporter.js
all/ReporterView.js
all/SpecView.js
all/SuiteView.js
all/all.js
all/console.js
all/diff.js
all/jasmine-html.js
all/jasmine-support.js
all/jasmine.js
all/phantom.js

Author:yungsters 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactID.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:JeffMo 
package.json
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-06-27-community-roundup-3.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:petehunt 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-06-27-community-roundup-3.md
docs/img/blog/propeller-logo.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:petehunt 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactID.js
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Mathieu M-Gosselin 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactDOMNodeCache.js
src/dom/getDOMNodeID.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactDOM.js
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/ReactDOMNodeCache.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/core/ReactID.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/core/ReactTextComponent.js
src/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/dom/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/dom/getDOMNodeID.js
src/dom/getEventTarget.js
src/environment/ReactServerRendering.js
src/event/CallbackRegistry.js
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticMutationEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/utils/joinClasses.js
src/utils/memoizeStringOnly.js
src/utils/mergeInto.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactID.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js
src/eventPlugins/ChangeEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactDOMNodeCache.js
src/dom/getDOMNodeID.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactID.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/config/compare_size.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactID.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactTextComponent.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/dom/ViewportMetrics.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactID.js
src/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/dom/Danger.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/Transaction.js
src/utils/accumulate.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMForm.js
src/dom/components/ReactDOMInput.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactID.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDoNotBindDeprecated.js
src/core/ReactID.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:petehunt 
vendor/constants.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/core/ReactInputSelection.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactDOMNodeCache.js
src/core/ReactID.js
src/dom/getDOMNodeID.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactDOM.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentTransferProps-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-06-21-react-v0-3-3.md
docs/downloads.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/vendor/core/requestAnimationFrame.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:petehunt 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-06-19-community-roundup-2.md
docs/docs/jsx-is-not-html.md
docs/img/blog/chatapp.png
docs/img/blog/todomvc.png
docs/img/blog/xreact.png

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/npm.js
grunt/tasks/phantom.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
Author:petehunt 
Author:Christopher Chedeau 
docs/docs/jsx-is-not-html.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_layouts/docs.html
docs/_layouts/post.html

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentTransferProps-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.gitignore

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Zach Bruggeman 
package.json

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactProps-test.js
src/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/dom/Danger.js
src/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/dom/getEventTarget.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticMutationEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/utils/__tests__/ImmutableObject-test.js
src/utils/mergeDeepInto.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/utils/keys.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js

Author:petehunt 
Author:Ben Newman 
bin/jsx
vendor/constants.js

Author:Ben Newman 
bin/jsx
vendor/constants.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
package.json

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/utils/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentFlattenChildren-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/mapChildren-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/utils/onlyChild.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/__tests__/ReactEventEmitter-test.js
src/event/AbstractEvent.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/TextChangeEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/utils/__tests__/onlyChild-test.js
src/utils/onlyChild.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/React.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/ReactDOMNodeCache.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js

Author:petehunt 
Author:petehunt 
Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/tasks/jsx.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/browser-transforms.js

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/jsx-is-not-html.md

Author:petehunt 
Author:petehunt 
Author:petehunt 
Author:petehunt 
Author:ngavalas 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2013-06-12-community-roundup.md

Author:Greg Roodt 
docs/docs/component-lifecycle.md

Author:Greg Roodt 
docs/docs/syntax.md

Author:Greg Roodt 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:ngavalas 
docs/docs/api.md

Author:ngavalas 
docs/docs/api.md
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:ngavalas 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/dom/getDOMNodeID.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:yungsters 
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/eventPlugins/TextChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
vendor/fbtransform/lib/transform.js
vendor/fbtransform/syntax.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js
src/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/eventPlugins/TextChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentFlattenChildren-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/mapChildren-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPluginRegistry.js
src/event/__tests__/EventPluginRegistry-test.js
src/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/docs/api.md
docs/docs/jsx-is-not-html.md

Author:Christopher Chedeau 
src/core/React.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/_layouts/docs.html
docs/_layouts/post.html

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_layouts/post.html
docs/_posts/2013-06-12-community-roundup.md
docs/blog/index.html
docs/img/blog/khan-academy-editor.png

Author:Jordan W 
Author:petehunt 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDOMTextarea.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDOM.js
src/core/ReactDOMTextarea.js
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMTextarea-test.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/eventPlugins/TextChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/eventPlugins/TextChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/dom/DOMProperty.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/dom/CSSProperty.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js
src/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:petehunt 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/tasks/jsx.js
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/eventPlugins/TextChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/environment/ReactServerRendering.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticMutationEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/event/synthetic/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/event/delegate/DelegateFocusEvent.js
src/event/delegate/DelegateKeyboardEvent.js
src/event/delegate/DelegateMutationEvent.js
src/event/delegate/DelegateTouchEvent.js
src/event/delegate/DelegateUIEvent.js
src/event/delegate/__tests__/DelegateEvent-test.js
src/event/delegate/__tests__/DelegateWheelEvent-test.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticFocusEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticKeyboardEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticMouseEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticMutationEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticTouchEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticUIEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/SyntheticWheelEvent.js
src/event/synthetic/__tests__/SyntheticEvent-test.js
src/event/synthetic/__tests__/SyntheticWheelEvent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/environment/ReactServerRendering.js
src/environment/__tests__/ReactServerRendering-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/eventPlugins/TextChangeEventPlugin.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/mapChildren-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/utils/OrderedMap.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/event/delegate/DelegateEvent.js
src/event/delegate/DelegateFocusEvent.js
src/event/delegate/DelegateKeyboardEvent.js
src/event/delegate/DelegateMouseEvent.js
src/event/delegate/DelegateMutationEvent.js
src/event/delegate/DelegateTouchEvent.js
src/event/delegate/DelegateUIEvent.js
src/event/delegate/DelegateWheelEvent.js
src/event/delegate/__tests__/DelegateEvent-test.js
src/event/delegate/__tests__/DelegateWheelEvent-test.js
src/utils/PooledClass.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/mapChildren-test.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/event/AbstractEvent.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js

Author:Jeffrey Lin 
Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/tasks/jsx.js

Author:Jordan W 
Author:jordow 
docs/_js/examples/todo.js
docs/index.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/diff.diff

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/diff.diff
src/dom/isEventSupported.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/dom/getDOMNodeID.js
src/dom/getEventTarget.js
src/event/AbstractEvent.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js
src/event/NormalizedEventListener.js
src/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/event/CallbackRegistry.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/mapChildren-test.js
src/utils/mapChildren.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactDOMForm.js
src/core/ReactEventEmitter.js
src/core/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEvent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/dom/CSSProperty.js
src/dom/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/dom/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/dom/DOMProperty.js
src/dom/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/dom/Danger.js
src/dom/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/dom/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/dom/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/dom/getDOMNodeID.js
src/dom/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/dom/insertNodeAt.js
src/dom/isEventSupported.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMount-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/event/NormalizedEventListener.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/utils/mapChildren.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactProps.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactProps-test.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/utils/__tests__/mapChildren-test.js
src/utils/mapChildren.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/__tests__/ReactIdentity-test.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/domUtils/CSSProperty.js
src/domUtils/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/domUtils/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/domUtils/dangerousStyleValue.js

Author:CommitSyncScript 
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactDOM.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js

Author:Vjeux 
docs/support.md

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/support.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-06-05-why-react.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-06-04-why-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactMount.js

Author:petehunt 
Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-06-04-why-react.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-06-04-why-react.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-06-04-why-react.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/ReactEvent.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/eventPlugins/InputEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:petehunt 
Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_posts/2013-06-03-why-react.md

Author:petehunt 
Author:yungsters 
docs/_posts/2013-06-03-why-react.md

Author:yungsters 
docs/_posts/2013-06-03-why-react.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:petehunt 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_includes/blog_post.html
docs/_layouts/blog.html
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/_layouts/post.html
docs/_posts/2013-06-02-jsfiddle-integration.md
docs/_posts/2013-06-03-why-react.md
docs/blog.md
docs/blog/index.html

Author:petehunt 
Author:petehunt 
Author:dschafer 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:petehunt 
Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-06-03-why-react.md

Author:Paul Shen 
docs/feed.xml

Author:Paul Shen 
docs/feed.xml

Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-06-03-why-react.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-06-03-why-react.md

Author:Paul Shen 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/feed.xml

Author:petehunt 
docs/_posts/2013-06-03-why-react.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul Shen 
Author:Ben Newman 
src/test/all.js

Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/config/phantom.js
grunt/tasks/phantom.js
test/index.html
test/phantom-harness.js

Author:Ben Newman 
test/frame.html
test/index.html
test/phantom-harness.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/utils/__tests__/ImmutableObject-test.js

Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/browserify.js

Author:Ben Newman 
vendor/jasmine/jasmine-support.js

Author:Ben Newman 
src/test/all.js
vendor/jasmine/phantom.js

Author:Ben Newman 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js
src/test/all.js
test/index.html
test/phantom-harness.js
vendor/jasmine/HtmlReporter.js
vendor/jasmine/PrintReporter.js
vendor/jasmine/ReporterView.js
vendor/jasmine/SpecView.js
vendor/jasmine/SuiteView.js
vendor/jasmine/all.js
vendor/jasmine/console.js
vendor/jasmine/diff.js
vendor/jasmine/jasmine-html.js
vendor/jasmine/jasmine-support.js
vendor/jasmine/jasmine.js
vendor/jasmine/phantom.js

Author:Ben Newman 
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js
grunt/tasks/jsx.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:petehunt 
Author:jordow 
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html

Author:petehunt 
examples/todomvc/js/app.js

Author:petehunt 
examples/todomvc/js/app.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Vjeux 
docs/downloads.md

Author:Vjeux 
docs/docs/getting-started.md

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_posts/2013-06-02-jsfiddle-integration.md

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_includes/nav_blog.html
docs/_posts/2013-06-02-jsfiddle-integration.md
docs/blog.md

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_includes/blog_post.html
docs/_includes/nav_blog.html
docs/_layouts/blog.html
docs/_layouts/post.html

Author:Vjeux 
docs/_includes/blog_post.html
docs/_layouts/blog.html
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/_layouts/post.html
docs/_posts/2013-06-02-jsfiddle-integration.md
docs/blog.md

Author:David Hu 
docs/_js/examples/todo.js

Author:Cam Spiers 
src/domUtils/DOMProperty.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/ReactEvent.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/eventPlugins/InputEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Jeffrey Lin 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml
docs/downloads.md
package.json

Author:petehunt 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
main.js
package.json

Author:petehunt 
Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Ben Newman 
Gruntfile.js
grunt/config/npm.js
grunt/tasks/npm.js
package.json

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Jeff Morrison 
Author:petehunt 
Author:Paul Seiffert 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
examples/todomvc/js/app.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Alpert 
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js

Author:Ben Alpert 
src/core/ReactEvent.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/_config.yml

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
docs/Rakefile

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/mixins.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/advanced-components.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/docs/api.md
docs/docs/mixins.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/mixins.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/docs/api.md
docs/docs/mixins.md

Author:petehunt 
examples/todomvc-backbone/thirdparty/backbone.localStorage-min.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:petehunt 
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js
examples/todomvc/css/base.css
examples/todomvc/js/app.js

Author:petehunt 
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js

Author:Paul Seiffert 
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
README.md
docs/downloads.md

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:yungsters 
.gitignore
docs/js/jsx-compiler.js

Author:yungsters 
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:yungsters 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_js/jsx-compiler.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/docs/syntax.md
docs/js/jsx-compiler.js
docs/jsx-compiler.md

Author:petehunt 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:yungsters 
README.md
docs/_config.yml
docs/docs/syntax.md
docs/index.md

Author:Ben Newman 
README.md

Author:Paul Seiffert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul Seiffert 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:petehunt 
Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/syntax.md

Author:petehunt 
Author:petehunt 
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js

Author:petehunt 
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js

Author:petehunt 
examples/todomvc-backbone/css/base.css
examples/todomvc-backbone/index.html
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/thirdparty/backbone-min.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/thirdparty/backbone.localStorage.js

Author:petehunt 
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js

Author:petehunt 
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js

Author:petehunt 
docs/_js/examples/timer.js
docs/docs/common-questions.md
docs/docs/syntax.md
docs/index.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/docs/tutorial.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
main.js
package.json

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
package.json

Author:Christian Roman 
docs/docs/component-data.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.travis.yml

Author:Paul Shen 
Author:yungsters 
docs/_layouts/default.html

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
Author:Jeffrey Lin 
README.md

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:petehunt 
Author:Paul Shen 
docs/docs/api.md

Author:petehunt 
CONTRIBUTING.md

Author:Jeffrey Lin 
README.md

Author:Paul Shen 
Author:yungsters 
docs/docs/event-handling.md

Author:Ben Newman 
Author:Paul Shen 
docs/_js/examples/timer.js
docs/docs/syntax.md

Author:Timothy Yung 
Author:Paul Shen 
docs/index.md

Author:petehunt 
docs/_config.yml
docs/_js/live_editor.js

Author:petehunt 
README.md
docs/downloads.md

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
grunt/tasks/release.js

Author:Paul O’Shannessy 
.editorconfig
.gitignore
.jshintrc
CONTRIBUTING.md
Gruntfile.js
LICENSE
README.md
bin/jsx
docs/Gemfile
docs/Gemfile.lock
docs/README.md
docs/Rakefile
docs/_config.yml
docs/_css/_solarized.scss
docs/_css/_typography.scss
docs/_css/_variables.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/_bourbon-deprecated-upcoming.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/_bourbon.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_button.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_clearfix.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_font-family.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_hide-text.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_html5-input-types.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_position.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_prefixer.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_retina-image.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_size.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_timing-functions.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/addons/_triangle.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_animation.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_appearance.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_backface-visibility.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_background-image.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_background.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_border-image.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_border-radius.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_box-sizing.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_columns.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_flex-box.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_font-face.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_hidpi-media-query.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_image-rendering.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_inline-block.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_keyframes.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_linear-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_perspective.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_placeholder.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_radial-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_transform.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_transition.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/css3/_user-select.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_compact.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_flex-grid.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_grid-width.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_linear-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_modular-scale.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_px-to-em.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_radial-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_tint-shade.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/functions/_transition-property-name.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_deprecated-webkit-gradient.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_gradient-positions-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_linear-positions-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_radial-arg-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_radial-positions-parser.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_render-gradients.scss
docs/_css/bourbon/helpers/_shape-size-stripper.scss
docs/_css/react.scss
docs/_includes/nav_docs.html
docs/_js/examples/hello.js
docs/_js/examples/markdown.js
docs/_js/examples/timer.js
docs/_js/examples/todo.js
docs/_js/live_editor.js
docs/_layouts/default.html
docs/_layouts/docs.html
docs/_layouts/page.html
docs/_layouts/post.html
docs/_layouts/single.html
docs/_plugins/highlight_lines.rb
docs/css/codemirror.css
docs/css/main.css
docs/css/syntax.css
docs/docs/advanced-components.md
docs/docs/api.md
docs/docs/common-questions.md
docs/docs/component-basics.md
docs/docs/component-data.md
docs/docs/component-lifecycle.md
docs/docs/event-handling.md
docs/docs/getting-started.md
docs/docs/syntax.md
docs/docs/tutorial.md
docs/downloads.md
docs/extractCode.js
docs/favicon.ico
docs/img/logo_og.png
docs/img/logo_small.png
docs/img/logo_small@2x.png
docs/img/noise.png
docs/index.md
docs/js/codemirror.js
docs/js/javascript.js
docs/js/showdown.js
docs/support.md
examples/ballmer-peak/ballmer_peak.png
examples/ballmer-peak/example.js
examples/ballmer-peak/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-external/example.js
examples/basic-jsx-external/index.html
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/example.js
examples/basic-jsx-precompile/index.html
examples/basic-jsx/index.html
examples/basic/index.html
examples/jquery-bootstrap/css/example.css
examples/jquery-bootstrap/index.html
examples/jquery-bootstrap/js/app.js
examples/jquery-bootstrap/thirdparty/bootstrap.min.css
examples/jquery-bootstrap/thirdparty/bootstrap.min.js
examples/shared/css/base.css
examples/shared/thirdparty/jquery.min.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/css/base.css
examples/todomvc-backbone/css/bg.png
examples/todomvc-backbone/index.html
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/app.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/js/ie.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/thirdparty/backbone-min.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/thirdparty/backbone.localStorage.js
examples/todomvc-backbone/thirdparty/lodash.min.js
examples/todomvc/css/base.css
examples/todomvc/css/bg.png
examples/todomvc/index.html
examples/todomvc/js/app.js
examples/todomvc/js/ie.js
examples/wrapup/index.html
grunt/config/browserify.js
grunt/config/compare_size.js
grunt/config/compress.js
grunt/config/copy.js
grunt/config/jshint.js
grunt/config/jsx/debug.json
grunt/config/jsx/jsx.js
grunt/config/jsx/release.json
grunt/config/phantom.js
grunt/config/version.js
grunt/config/wrapup.js
grunt/tasks/browserify.js
grunt/tasks/jsx.js
grunt/tasks/phantom.js
grunt/tasks/release.js
grunt/tasks/wrapup.js
lib/react/source.rb
main.js
package.json
react-source.gemspec
src/.jshintrc
src/core/BrowserEnv.js
src/core/React.js
src/core/ReactComponent.js
src/core/ReactComponentWithPureRenderMixin.js
src/core/ReactCompositeComponent.js
src/core/ReactCurrentOwner.js
src/core/ReactDOM.js
src/core/ReactDOMForm.js
src/core/ReactDOMIDOperations.js
src/core/ReactDOMNodeCache.js
src/core/ReactDefaultInjection.js
src/core/ReactEvent.js
src/core/ReactEventTopLevelCallback.js
src/core/ReactInputSelection.js
src/core/ReactInstanceHandles.js
src/core/ReactMount.js
src/core/ReactMultiChild.js
src/core/ReactNativeComponent.js
src/core/ReactOnDOMReady.js
src/core/ReactOwner.js
src/core/ReactPropTransferer.js
src/core/ReactProps.js
src/core/ReactReconcileTransaction.js
src/core/ReactStateSetters.js
src/core/ReactTextComponent.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactBind-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactComponentLifeCycle-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentDOMMinimalism-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentMixin-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentSpec-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentState-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactCompositeComponentTransferProps-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOM-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactDOMIDOperations-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactEvent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactInstanceHandles-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMountDestruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildReconcile-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactMultiChildText-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactNativeComponent-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactProps-test.js
src/core/__tests__/ReactStateSetters-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-destruction-test.js
src/core/__tests__/refs-test.js
src/domUtils/CSSProperty.js
src/domUtils/CSSPropertyOperations.js
src/domUtils/DOMChildrenOperations.js
src/domUtils/DOMProperty.js
src/domUtils/DOMPropertyOperations.js
src/domUtils/Danger.js
src/domUtils/__tests__/CSSPropertyOperations-test.js
src/domUtils/__tests__/DOMPropertyOperations-test.js
src/domUtils/dangerousStyleValue.js
src/domUtils/getDOMNodeID.js
src/domUtils/getTextContentAccessor.js
src/domUtils/insertNodeAt.js
src/domUtils/isEventSupported.js
src/environment/ExecutionEnvironment.js
src/event/AbstractEvent.js
src/event/CallbackRegistry.js
src/event/EventConstants.js
src/event/EventPluginHub.js
src/event/EventPluginUtils.js
src/event/EventPropagators.js
src/event/NormalizedEventListener.js
src/eventPlugins/AnalyticsEventPluginFactory.js
src/eventPlugins/DefaultEventPluginOrder.js
src/eventPlugins/EnterLeaveEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/ResponderEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/SimpleEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/TapEventPlugin.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/AnalyticsEventPlugin-test.js
src/eventPlugins/__tests__/ResponderEventPlugin-test.js
src/package.json
src/test/HtmlReporter.js
src/test/PrintReporter.js
src/test/ReactTestUtils.js
src/test/ReporterView.js
src/test/SpecView.js
src/test/SuiteView.js
src/test/all.js
src/test/console.js
src/test/diff.js
src/test/jasmine-support.js
src/test/mock-modules.js
src/test/mock-timers.js
src/test/mocks.js
src/test/phantom.js
src/test/reactComponentExpect.js
src/utils/ImmutableObject.js
src/utils/OrderedMap.js
src/utils/PooledClass.js
src/utils/Transaction.js
src/utils/__tests__/ImmutableObject-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/OrderedMap-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/Transaction-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/joinClasses-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/keyMirror-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/memoizeStringOnly-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/mergeFuncs-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/objFilter-test.js
src/utils/__tests__/objMap-test.js
src/utils/accumulate.js
src/utils/bindNoArgs.js
src/utils/curryOnly.js
src/utils/eachKeyVal.js
src/utils/escapeTextForBrowser.js
src/utils/flattenChildren.js
src/utils/forEachAccumulated.js
src/utils/joinClasses.js
src/utils/keyMirror.js
src/utils/keys.js
src/utils/memoizeStringOnly.js
src/utils/merge.js
src/utils/mergeDeep.js
src/utils/mergeDeepInto.js
src/utils/mergeHelpers.js
src/utils/mergeInto.js
src/utils/mixInto.js
src/utils/objFilter.js
src/utils/objMap.js
src/utils/objMapKeyVal.js
src/utils/throwIf.js
src/vendor/core/$.js
src/vendor/core/TouchEventUtils.js
src/vendor/core/copyProperties.js
src/vendor/core/createObjectFrom.js
src/vendor/core/emptyFunction.js
src/vendor/core/ge.js
src/vendor/core/hasArrayNature.js
src/vendor/core/hyphenate.js
src/vendor/core/invariant.js
src/vendor/core/keyOf.js
src/vendor/error/__tests__/erx-test.js
src/vendor/error/__tests__/ex-test.js
src/vendor/error/erx.js
src/vendor/error/ex.js
src/vendor/stubs/Env.js
src/vendor/stubs/EventListener.js
src/vendor/stubs/README
src/vendor/stubs/URI.js
src/vendor/stubs/cx.js
starter/README.md
test/index.html
test/phantom-harness.js
vendor/browser-transforms.js
vendor/fbtransform/lib/docblock.js
vendor/fbtransform/lib/transform.js
vendor/fbtransform/lib/utils.js
vendor/fbtransform/syntax.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/classes.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/react.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/reactDisplayName.js
vendor/fbtransform/transforms/xjs.js
vendor/fbtransform/visitors.js
vendor/jasmine/jasmine-html.js
vendor/jasmine/jasmine.css
vendor/jasmine/jasmine.js
vendor/woodchipper.js
